Author: Pierre Herubel
Source File: If I Started LinkedIn in 2026, I'd Do This_4OVxO2j24sw.en.vtt

WEBVTT Kind: captions Language: en I got my first 10,000 LinkedIn followers back in 2022.

Today I have over 157,000s and more than 50 million impressions.

But if I had to start from scratch again, here is exactly how I would go from zero to 10,000 followers step by steps.

For this, we'll go through three clear phases.

Phase number one, from 0 to 2,000 followers.

Phase number two, from 2,000 to 5,000 followers.

And phase number three, from 5,000 to 10,000 followers.

And each phase will have its specific goal.

Let's start with the first phase.

Phase number one, from zero to 2,000 followers.

Here, you need to build the foundations of your LinkedIn content.

When you start from zero, your goal is not to go viral.

Your goal is to build clarity, consistency, and credibility.

So the step one is to choose your focus.

You need to choose one focus.

Simple rule.

Pick one audience, one problem, and one offer.

That's the secret, not so secret to clarity on LinkedIn.

Because if you talk to everyone, you will talk to no one.

Example, I help B2B founders generate inbound leads through content.

You can even be more specific, but it needs to be clear, simple, and focused.

Step number two, you need to turn your profile into a landing page.

You need to make people want to click on follow when they visit your page.

Because if you generate a lot of traffic thanks to your content, but people don't subscribe, you will not get more followers.

So, you need to add a clear banner that shows your value proposition.

Write a headline that says what you do, who you help, and the results you got.

You can use the feature section to promote a guide or proof of work.

Do it for free at the beginning and add a simple CTA like follow me for daily marketing insights.

Every profile visits should make people instantly understand who you are and why they should follow you.

The goal is to have a connection between your content and your profile.

So they get interested and curious from your content and they hit follow because they feel thanks to your profile that you will help them on one specific topic.

Step number three, create 30 days of authority content.

What you will do is quite simple.

Choose three main topics that are linked to your expertise and share short useful insights every day.

You can use the framework problem agitate solution to make your content clear and valuable.

Maybe engagement will be low at first, but that's fine.

It's the beginning.

The goal is to learn and stay consistent and have a strong link with step number four.

So, step number four is to engage 10 times more than you post at the beginning.

When you have a small audience, let's say 200 connections, you need to engage with other accounts with comments and likes, you need to leave smart comments, not generic comments.

And what will happen is that you will show your expertise.

You will get impressions more than on your own content.

You can even get comments that get 5,000, 10,000 impressions.

And people will see in the comments your headline.

And if they're interested about your headline and if it's linked to the comments, they will click on your name and as I explained, if they like your profile, they will hit follow.

This is how people start noticing you.

To be honest, it's faster than posting in silence.

And by the time you reach 2,000 followers, you will have built a small network of people you engage with.

So, if you follow those four steps, you will have a clear positioning, a LinkedIn profile that makes people click on follow, 30 days of authority content, and a small network and the habit to comment on other people posts.

You need to do this until you reach 2,000 followers.

And by the time you reach 2,000 followers, you will have built your positioning, improve your content, and start being recognized in your niche.

Time to go into phase two.

from 2,000 to 5,000 followers.

It's not the foundation anymore.

It's building your authority.

At this stage, people start to identify you within a small network.

Now, your mission is to become known for something specific in a wider network.

So, step number one, you need to double down on what works best.

Look at your past 30, 60 posts and ask yourself this simple question.

What topic or hook got traction?

That's the key signal you need to look for.

You need to create new versions of those ideas.

Maybe it's on the topic or reuse the same hook.

You need to build a small content series.

So that's the best thing to do when you want to reach 5,000 followers.

Study your best performing posts and reuse the same concepts, ideas, hooks, formats, etc.

That's simple, but it works.

Step number two, you need to start creating viral infographics.

Now, it's time to kind of level up your content game.

You need to start turning your ideas into infographics.

So, it's simple visual summaries like this one that make people stop scrolling and that convey more information than a text [music] post.

Infographics help your audience see your ideas instead of just reading them.

They perform really well because people spend time on it.

So it's good for the 12 time.

People also save them, share them like on the repost or by sending them to their friends indirect messages.

So here is how to make them work.

You need to focus on one idea infographic.

Use clean visual and short sentences.

Now, if you want more details on how to create those visuals, you should look at these free guides that I've created where I explain my five best formats.

And inside, I explain the best infographics formats you can use in order to generate impressions with your LinkedIn content.

Step number three, you need to start sharing unique insights.

When you are above 2,000 followers, if you want to go to 5,000, 10,000 followers, you need to stop repeating what [music] everyone else is saying.

You need to share lessons from your work, your clients, and your results.

So basically, you need to create [music] content from lived experience, not from theory.

You can talk about your process, your frameworks, and your beliefs as well or your opinions.

This is how you stand out because people don't want to read another GPT post or another article.

They want to know what you did, the way you've done it, and the result you got.

For example, if you are a cold email specialist and you've done an experiment of 10 weeks, just explain what you've done, the result you got, and the problems.

As simple as that.

And as I explained just before, the best will be to turn this into an infographic.

Step number four, to reach 5,000 followers, you need to build your tribe.

You need to treat LinkedIn like a big networking event.

And each comment is a potential follower, client or or partner.

You should start commenting more and sending more DMs, but to the right people.

So do a map of who is important in your industry, influencers, thought leaders, CEOs, journalists maybe, etc., and outreach to them and connect with them and help them if you can.

So during this phase, you will need to be very active in the DMs and in the comments as well as in phase number one.

So once you hit 5,000 followers, your audience knows you.

They already kind of trust you thanks to what you've published and they see you as an authority in your expertise or in your industry.

Phase number three, 5,000 to 10,000 followers.

This is where most people fail because it's very long and most of the time they stop too early or maybe they got enough leads from their 5,000 followers so they feel like I want to stop now.

That's enough for me.

So the goal now is to build systems that make your content compound.

So you don't spend your entire days creating content.

So step number one, you need to create a content system.

You need to stop thinking post by post on a day-to-day basis.

You need to start thinking in processes.

You take one strong insight and repurpose it into 10 15 formats.

A text post, a carousel, an infographic, a short video.

That's the one equals 15 rules.

There is also another important rule in repurposing is the 3070 rules.

So spend 30% of your time creating new ideas and 70% of your time repurposing proven ones.

So ideas that performed well in the past.

So that's how you stay consistent with your content creation with your repurposing system.

Step number two, you need to multiply the types and number of formats you are using.

Add visual content, infographics, carousel, short videos.

Create diversity in your content at the format level, but keep the same messaging and the same tone and the same narrative across all the pieces of content.

People need to recognize your voice the moment they see your posts and they need to recognize as well your message.

Step number three, you need to start collaborating with other creator.

At this level, collaboration is a growth accelerator.

Because when you have 500 followers, you cannot contact someone with 5,000 or 10,000 followers and ask them to do a collab bust because when you do something like this, they need to receive something in exchange.

But here it starts to be interesting because you can do a post on their profile, but you can also do a post on your profile.

So you will send them your followers.

So this collab is a win-win situation, a win-win partnership.

And that's why I put it in the phase three, not in the phase two or phase one.

So basically, the way to do it is very simple.

You need to engage with other creators in your niche through comments.

Then when you identify five creators you really like because you have a shared interest or a common topic, contact them by DM and propose them simply to create a collaborative post.

It can be an infographic, a carousel or a text post.

My preference will be to go for a carousel because it's easier to share each other opinion on the topic inside the carousel.

So as I said you can share opinions on the same topic, react to each other post or build a minieries together.

So it helps you reach new audiences, their followers and the same for them.

It will also add fresh perspectives to your content.

So your collabs will boost your credibility and it will help you to partner with other respected voice in your industry.

All right, I kept the best advice for the step four of phase three.

You need to develop a signature format.

every top creators as a format people instantly associate with them.

For example, this is Jake W.

He created this kind of carousel when he was growing his followers around 1 and a half year ago.

My tip is when you are analyzing the signature format of a big creator, look at the time when they were growing, not where they are right now, but what happened when they were growing.

So your signature format could be a cow design, an infographic style or a specific storytelling rhythm.

You need to find yours.

It could also be some rules that you like to share, your breakdowns, your experiments, your lessons.

Maybe it can also be a visual identity that only you is using.

So you need to make your content instantly recognizable with this signature content.

And at the end, your signature format becomes your content brand.

And then at the end your profile picture becomes the hook.

So the last part of the phase three is to keep doing it every day because once you have a clear system, strong collaborations and a recognizable signature format, you start getting followers.

Your brand grows itself because people remember you and start following you.

All right, so let's recap how I would go again from 0 to 10,000 followers on LinkedIn.

First, from 0 to 2,000 followers, I would build the foundation of my LinkedIn profile with my positioning, my LinkedIn profile design.

Then I would do 30 days of authority content and I would engage 10 time more than I post.

Phase two, I would double down on the posts that perform best.

I would create viral infographics.

I would find and share unique insights, and I would build my tribe of other creators.

And for phase three, from 5,000 to 10,000 followers, first I would create a strong content creation system.

Second, I would use multiple formats.

Third, I will do collabs with other creators in my niche.

And fourth, I would develop a signature format to be instantly recognizable in the feed.

So that's exactly how I would go from zero to 10,000 followers on LinkedIn.

again.

And if you want to go deeper, I teach all of this step by step inside my course, the content first ecosystem.

You can find the link in the description.

I will help you with your LinkedIn growth and also on other platforms.

All right, if you like this video, make sure to subscribe to the channel to get the next one about LinkedIn content and B2B marketing.

I will see you in the next