Author: Dave Gerhardt
Source File: How to Stand Out in B2B Marketing (with Louis Genier, Author of Stand the Fck Out)_2ajDo-HcuGE.en.vtt

WEBVTT Kind: captions Language: en You can't generate demand for a category of product or services.

You can only position your product into a category that is in demand and channel some of it to your business.

When people talk about demand generation, they usually mean generating demand for a product inside a category that is in demand.

But you can't do that otherwise.

There needs to be needs that are there.

There needs to be humans wanting something.

You need to meet them there.

Like it's a river.

It's a flow.

It's a demand river.

and you need to just position your thing so that you create a little canal that just brings some of it uh to you.

But so many marketers, founders think that they can influence people so much that they can make them care about something they don't care about.

I get push back on that a lot about, oh, what about laboo?

I don't know if you come across those dolls.

What about this?

What about that?

Whatever.

It always channels needs are already there.

It's also the exception of the rule.

Those things that are impossible to replicate.

You can use the same playbook.

You won't be the same.

&gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; This is exciting because I asked Louisie to come on the pod in November and then I booked it foolishly the same day that I was having my my hip surgery which man [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this guy making me tear up.

I'm watching your talk from the marketing meet up this morning like have my coffee trying to get my mind right for you and I I got to sit through your cancer story and I'm like Jesus I was not prepared for that.

&gt;&gt; Oh I'm sorry to make you feel sad.

Do you feel okay?

&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm good.

I should be I should be okay.

We I'll see if I can find the strength to do this.

&gt;&gt; And then you have your hip surgery.

Oh my god.

Po you, you know.

So, so, uh, I'm excited to have you on and, um, you know, I love I love the I love the lens of the the the stuff that you talk about because I think we we share a common fondness of the the timeless stuff in marketing.

And I think the more time goes on, it's funny how that stuff seems to be even more true because, you know, we're we're deep in this AI wave right now and everyone's telling me that everything is going to change forever.

And then like I, you know, I watched your stuff this morning and you wrote a great book last year and I'm like, "Yeah, this is the stuff." And what's funny, man, is anytime we talk about this stuff with uh with B2B marketers, they're always like, "Okay, this is great, but I want a B2B marketing example." And I'm like, "Yeah, but we're missing the whole point here that, you know, anyway." So, so um um let me give give me your uh give me your Louis give me your introduction of your of yourself.

So, you you you worked in SAS for years, but now you kind of do your own thing.

How do you talk about yourself?

&gt;&gt; It depends on who I'm talking to.

But yeah, I I I usually say I'm a dad, uh book author, as you as you said, a marketer, husband, a bowel cancer survivor.

I'm very proud of that one.

Uh recovering French man as well.

So, it's not easy to be in recovery, but I think I'm &gt;&gt; Why are you in recovery for that?

&gt;&gt; Like being French is has so much baggage.

It's hard to to see the world for what it actually is.

You know, when you when you're raised in France, you believe that everything about France is the best thing in the world, the food, the education system, and and then you leave somewhere else and you realize food is okay, but it's quite greasy.

And the education system is actually quite bad and it's getting worse.

So anyway, it's just, you know, I've been living in Ireland for 15 years now, so I see my flaws and so I'm I'm trying to recover.

But I think something you haven't said yet, the fact that I sent you something to prep for this, right?

So I I would like you to open box number one, please, for me.

So I sent you that over the post.

So for anybody that's that's listening, um if you go over to YouTube, we I I can show you this, but um very mysteriously, he messaged me a couple weeks ago and said, "Hey, you're going to get a package.

Do not open it until we record our podcast." Which is actually a funny there's like a funny psychological lesson in that.

It's like because you told me not to open it.

Like I wanted to open this like five times [laughter] &gt;&gt; and my kids my kids saw it.

So, okay.

So, so I got I got this.

I have this.

So, it's a big cardboard box with a few packages in it that are wrapped in this kind of gold wrapping.

And I've numbered them.

Is that number one?

&gt;&gt; They're not numbered.

&gt;&gt; They are numbered.

There's little numbers.

Has to be.

&gt;&gt; Oh, I got you.

I got you.

Yeah.

So number one to start with it's it's great content for the podcast.

[laughter] I'm going to comment as you go.

So he's going through each package.

So he's reading the numbers and trying to find number one.

And &gt;&gt; okay, I got number one.

Okay.

So we're going to open number one.

You can hear the wrapping.

It's a good like ASMR for podcasting right now.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

kind of smells nice.

&gt;&gt; Don't smell it.

That's weird.

It's not a candle.

Okay, I got number one.

No, but what?

Describe it.

[laughter] It looks like uh it's a little a computer toy.

Looks like something you'd see in a doctor's office.

Right.

Right.

What is the black thing there?

What is the little tool there?

&gt;&gt; Is this like a endoscope?

&gt;&gt; It's a it's a colonoscopy.

&gt;&gt; Oh, it's a colonoscopy.

So, this is &gt;&gt; it's a Is this in fact an anus?

&gt;&gt; Yes.

&gt;&gt; Okay.

All right.

So, look, you know, it wasn't it wasn't dramatically off.

You're like, "No, that's an eyeball." &gt;&gt; Well, no, that's right.

It was Yes.

Okay.

Anyway, so that that's the first package for you.

I think it's a good segue into like mentioning cancer uh briefly for two reasons.

One, because I think it connects with marketing in a weird way.

And two, because I've gotten emails, messages from folks thanking me for talking about it openly.

&gt;&gt; Sure.

&gt;&gt; Because that was the trigger to for them to go get checked cuz they have been putting it off for years.

And some of them said, yeah, they found multiple polyp that could have become cancerous and stuff like that.

So, you know, there's it's important, I think, to talk about that stuff.

So, you have in front of you in your hands a a mini colonoscopy equipment.

Uh, &gt;&gt; can I actually I can So, right now I'm going to give myself a colonoscopy on the podcast.

Is that is that your idea?

&gt;&gt; Well, yes.

That's &gt;&gt; No, that's crazy because you mentioned I I have even in going to my doctor, it was like, "Oh, you don't need to get a colonoscopy yet.

Typically, it's after you're 40 or something like that.

I'm 38." But your video I watched this morning, you said I'm 36.

So I didn't get a colonoscopy for fun.

Uh I got it after a few symptoms which are important to talk about.

The first one was a blood in my stool within the end like towards a few weeks before I I got uh I went to my GP.

And the other one was like changes in my bowel movements which tends to be something people forget about or don't really notice.

It's like if you used to go three times a day and all of a sudden you only go twice a day uh once a day or once every week.

um then there's something going on.

You need to get checked.

Yeah, it's very unlikely to be cancer.

But long story short, went to my GP.

She prescribed a emergency colonoscopy.

Within 2 minutes of said coloscopy, I could see on the screen a bleeding blur thingy blob and I knew it was bad and yes, it was cancer.

And the guy said at the end, I'm so sure it's cancer.

we're gonna order a biopsy and even if it comes back as not cancer, I I'm going to ask another one because it's cancer.

Um, so that was weird, right?

But I was in November of was a year and a half ago.

&gt;&gt; Wait, and you you just went in you just went in to see your your doctor to be like, "Hey, this thing this weird thing is happening." They were able to do a colonoscopy like right there.

They said, "Let's just go right now." &gt;&gt; No.

So, they prescribed I I I had to go to the hospital.

Uh, I mean, now that we're sharing secrets or or or sensitive stuff, she she did check in there, but with her finger, noticed that there was still blood and was like, "Okay, this is this is a big deal.

The fact that you're still bleeding and it's not coming from hemorrhoids." And so therefore, I prescribe a emergency colonoscopy and you'll get a call from the hospital in the next couple of days.

So, um, kudos to the Irish Health System, by the way, which was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fantastic from start to finish.

Um, so yeah, Konoscopy pretty much two or three weeks after.

Um, so this is not uh an entire episode about cancer, although you know, I could talk about it.

Uh, but I guess the the the the story and how it connects back to what you said earlier, the timeless principles in marketing and and standing out and whatnot is that in those hard moments of, you know, having the diagnosis, knowing that I had to go through surgery, uh, not knowing whether I needed a sto bag after, I still felt in control and at peace because I was in the right place, uh, surrounded by the right people and I didn't want to change anything about my life, you know, I I didn't have this realization from like Hollywood mo moment of I must travel and I must do all of this stuff.

I didn't, right?

And I think this calmness and tranquility um is something we can really emulate in the marketing world like whatever happens, you know, what foundations we have that we can lean on even if the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hit the fan.

And that's why you open package number one, right?

I think this way.

&gt;&gt; Well, it's also just a great uh it's a great story.

Obviously, you're you're through the other side now, but like I find myself this morning, I was listening I was watching your your talk and I'm like this guy hasn't mentioned marketing yet, but I'm 5 minutes in because you you it's a lesson in a hook.

Like unfortunately, the hook is the hook is cancer.

Like once I got it once I got cancelled, I was like, "Oh my god, this is going to make such a great speech.

I cannot wait." 10 10 lessons I learned about B2B marketing from surviving cancer.

&gt;&gt; Well, that's pretty much it, isn't it?

&gt;&gt; So, yeah.

I mean, to to to close the loop, surgery involved cutting the portion of my colon that had uh the tumor.

Um, thankfully, it was wasn't too close to my rectum because then it could have been uh meaning a sto bag.

And I was on my feet two or three days after and now I'm fully cured.

I have no cancer left.

I had my second colonoscopy after surgery uh a few weeks ago and it's all clear and all clean.

So yeah, go get checked.

Good, good, good lesson.

P PSA, we'll take that.

This is Look, we we've learned so what's funny is like people listen to our stuff for all the marketing stuff, but 50% of it now is because of like we're we're h like the human connection, hanging out, talking you trading stories.

And so this is that's a good example for one we will we will feel, you know, it's a good good opportunity to put the PSA out there.

And uh yeah, you know, honestly, I can't wait till my kids get home from school today so we can play with the mini colonoscopy machine that we have now.

&gt;&gt; I hope Do you have pets?

&gt;&gt; Uh yeah, we have two cats and a dog, so anybody could get it.

Anybody could be up for a colonoscopy today.

&gt;&gt; All right.

Should I open box number two?

Um, while by the way, while while I while I do that, I'm just curious like did you have any after that experience, did you have like a come to Jesus moment or like question everything in your life and you got kids and what am I doing?

I I see you back and you're like you still got a passion for for marketing, for your work.

I'm just wondering like if you know if that is if that changed anything at all.

&gt;&gt; That's what I was saying earlier.

It's like nothing changed.

It just confirmed that I was in the right place doing the right thing.

If anything, I'm I'm I'm I'm being more intense about my dayto-day, but I haven't changed anything about it, which was such a great thing knowing that even in those very hard moments, I I I wouldn't want to be anywhere else, you know.

&gt;&gt; What did you change?

What have you changed about your day today?

Do you say more intense or more like intense?

&gt;&gt; Yeah, like I I'm trying to have even more fun, &gt;&gt; but it's hard.

How old are your kids?

on.

Uh I have one daughter and she's four.

She's four.

Yeah.

All right.

So Dave is opening package number two.

&gt;&gt; Package number two.

&gt;&gt; And clearly couldn't wait.

So what's the t-shirt?

So you're holding a t-shirt.

What does it say?

&gt;&gt; I'm holding a t-shirt that says worst piñata ever.

And it's a picture of the Trojan horse from 1114 BC.

I love how random it is.

How like there's no connection between the two.

And yeah, there is.

Uh, so the story about this is I wanted to make a point about Trojan horse, which is one of the first kind of marketing concept timeless stuff I wanted to talk about today.

Uh, I couldn't find any good ones.

I wanted to get you a little sculpture of a Trojan horse.

I couldn't find one.

So, and then I saw this joke like this t-shirt.

I think it was pretty funny.

I was like, "Okay, I'm going to get that instead." So, so why Trojan horse?

Um, it's one of the thing that people struggle with the most when they're passionate about whatever they're selling.

I don't know what you if you found the same thing, uh, Dave, but it's like they are so in love with their idea or what they're doing, what they're selling that they forget to meet people where they are at.

and they try so hard to educate people about their way of thinking to educate the market to to do this while instead of just taking their point of view and starting from there.

So that's kind of the concept of Trojan horse but I'll stop here.

Can you explain the joke?

I'm not I'm not my history is not that good.

So why why was the tro why was it a piñata?

I know the Trojan horse story but did they like &gt;&gt; what's a piñata?

&gt;&gt; A piñata is like you you stuff you stuff a horse you know full of candy and you smash it open and the kids go get the candy.

&gt;&gt; Right.

So here the Trojan horse is like the joke is that it's a giant piñata because it's stuffed with soldiers.

So it's the worst piata ever because it goes into the city of Troy and kills everyone.

&gt;&gt; Oh like the the city of Troy was like, "Wow, check out this piñata we got." And then instead of like, you know, Jolly Ranchers in there, it's soldiers that are going to kill you.

&gt;&gt; Exactly.

So the worst piñata.

&gt;&gt; I'm going to wear that.

I'm wearing that shirt to the gym.

Oh, that's for sure.

I'm going to wash it.

&gt;&gt; Well, and then you'll be like, "Oh, do you get the joke?

Do I need to explain it to you?" They have a huge tro I'm a [laughter] huge Trojan horse guy.

No.

So you Yeah.

you mentioned something that I I we we talk about this a lot now with uh with our team and one of the most one of the one of the fun parts about Exit 5 now is like over the last couple years it's more from my my solo business to now we have a team of seven people and it's super fun because I feel like I get to like do marketing again and I'm you know involved in strategy and you know we're sending out emails and we're running ads and we're trying to get people to go to webinars and and that's fun.

It doesn't matter to me what the topic is.

this like that's the fun activity and we talk about this all the time now which is like I sent an email I I took a screenshot of something we sent out the other day and I sent it to our team I said hey honest question like if you got this in your inbox like what would you do and it was like oh right to spam like this is a terrible email and I don't know where I got this I think it might have probably from the the the drift days like David and Elias who are the founders over there were very into like don't study B2B focus on consumer just like use your own brain and see things in your personal life that you react to and like take note of what catches your attention.

And so I've always tried to like have that as a first principle.

And we talk a lot about like we love webinars.

Webinars work amazingly well for us.

Other companies, some people say, "Oh, web, no one goes to a webinar anymore." I'm like, if you actually break it down, Louie, what's different between a webinar and like watching a YouTube video or listening to a podcast?

It's it's all the same.

And how you get someone there is like what comes down to it's what's in it for me.

Why am I actually going to spend an hour out of my day hanging out with you?

And everything has to start there.

Let's work backwards from like let's assume let's assume everybody hates marketing.

Let's assume everybody hates sales.

Let's assume nobody wants to be marketed to or sold to.

Let's assume that I like you have a thousand emails in my inbox.

Let's assume that yes, I've only been recording with you for 21 minutes and I already have three missed calls on my phone, right?

Like nobody needs more information.

And so quite literally the name of your book, right, is like stand the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out.

That is like the first principle that I think about more than anything else right now.

And for some reason, I want to rant the other day about this, but there's a there's a whole crowd of people like who are in the marketing sphere that it's I call them like the they're like the holier than thou crowd, which is like, you know, you shouldn't do things to get attention.

And marketing is about isn't about I'm like, it absolutely is a game of attention because you quite literally have to get people to pay attention to care so then you can earn the right to tell them about your product later.

And so I I love that framing of like the Trojan horse is like I want to get your attention first and then I can then I can tell you about the thing that I want to sell you later.

It also goes one level deeper which is first you need to give people what they think they need, right?

And then you give them what they actually need.

And it's it like there's a lot to be said about positioning in services or products.

I talk to a lot of folks in the marketing space offering services and they are so hellbent into I I do strategy.

I don't do tactics.

I sell strategy to clients but they don't buy strategy.

They they don't want they want Facebook ads, right?

And they burn out within two or three years because they work they try so hard to educate people about it, right?

And to say no, no, no, no, no, don't forget about Facebook ads.

You must do strategy first.

You must put a strategy together.

And I'm like, "No, the treasure horse principle tells you, no, you first meet them where they're at.

If they all want to to do Facebook ads and you like working with them, then guess what?

Your Facebook ad agency to start with or at least you offer services like that and then slowly you bring them to where you want them to be." &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that.

&gt;&gt; I've done that mistake before, right?

So there there's like this this is um back back at drift like when we started the started the marketing of the product it was basically like &gt;&gt; the we came up with a wedge which is like we eventually want to sell this to everyone but we know right now we need to it's a chat it's a chatbot that goes in your website and the limiting factor is going to be that not everyone in the company has access to the website like who can actually install the code on the website.

Did you work at Hot Jar back in the day?

Is that where I feel like I Okay.

Like if you want to get Hot Jar on your website, you have to install the code.

And so therefore, you have to sell to the person who can do that.

And so even though we didn't think the product marketing role was our long-term buyer, we're like, "Oh, they have influence and access to the website.

So let's kind of like the Trojan horse is like like go through product marketing." But you mentioned HAR.

There was an example uh HAR.

The majority of users came because of heat maps.

We offered way more than that.

There was website recording.

There was survey.

But guess what?

heat maps was the was the feature.

So instead of like fighting hard about oh you know it's all in one there's more to that we actually created a lot of content around heat maps and be like ranked number one for so many of them that fun so many users.

So it's have like letting go of your of your darlings and your ego.

You're not god as a marketer right?

We are no god.

You can't change people mind.

You can't generate demand.

That's another thing.

You can't make people believe something they don't believe.

You can only meet them where they at.

And if you're lucky, move them slightly towards you.

But like that's it.

On that point, I want to come back to your your thing about gener generating demand, but on that point about the the heat maps at Hot Jar thing, like that's a perfect example of this happens all the time in companies.

It's like, no, no, we have 10 things.

We we have 10 features.

We want them to know about all the features.

It's like, well, can we get them to know about one and then can we expand there?

And I think this is where a lot of marketers that are listening to this are probably like in their cars or wherever nodding along right now because the challenge is that like leadership there's you know someone in sales or someone in this department or someone in this department is they they want to talk about the whole thing and it's like our job as marketers is to help the company internally to show them like hey we're not going to have the opport we need to get the right to tell them about the whole thing and to tell them all of the things that Hot Jar could do but let's first get them we have this great feature that's heatmap let's get them to get addicted to that, get using that, get value from that, then we can be like, "Hey, you know us, you like us, you trust us, we we have this thing that you that you use." We actually have other things that we we can tell you about.

But I think it's this we want to try to do it all at once.

When I think my my favorite copy lighting my my favorite copywriting lesson is just this concept of like first line, second line, like what's the goal of the first line of copy?

The goal of the first line of copy is to read the second line.

And I think that's true about marketing in general, right?

like let's get you to use heat map so we can get you to use this thing so we can get you to use this thing.

&gt;&gt; Let's go back to your let's go back to your thing about you can't you are not God.

You can't generate you can't generate demand.

Explain that.

&gt;&gt; So you can't generate demand for a category of product or services.

You can only position your product into a category that is in demand and channel some of it to your business.

When people talk about demand generation, they usually mean generating demand for a product inside a category that is in demand.

But you can't do that otherwise.

There needs to be needs that are there.

There needs to be humans wanting something and you need to meet them there.

You need to like it's a river, right?

It's a flow.

It's a demand river and you need to just position your thing so that you create a little canal that just brings some of it uh to you.

But so many marketers, founders think that they can influence people so much that they can make them care about something they don't care about.

And I get push back on that a lot about, oh, what about labus?

dolls.

What about this, what about that, whatever.

And it always channels needs are already there.

And it's also the exception of the rule.

Those things that are impossible to replicate, you can use the same playbook, you won't be the same.

So I'm being very pedantic about the word.

&gt;&gt; No, I look dude also I think I think like so many people that listen to this I think one of the one of the challenges that I had with like I I believe in the concept of say um category creation.

However, &gt;&gt; you use the past tense.

&gt;&gt; Uh no I think I think I believe believe &gt;&gt; okay believe &gt;&gt; you still believe in it.

I still believe in it but it it require it almost became everybody took the message in the wrong way which is like every single product ever created we need to create and invent a new category for it's like &gt;&gt; yes &gt;&gt; I I don't agree with that because you could have you could totally have a what if your ambitions was to just create like a nice little bootstrap SAS product and it's just another Yep.

It's a it's another landing page tool and it's like a little bit cheaper and it works and people are happy and like that's the business you want to run.

that can that can that can be okay.

You don't you can also you can also go after a whole company by basically just like eating up a share of their market by saying like yeah you know uh HubSpot has now become this like massive all-in-one platform.

They have all these features.

We're just going to do one thing really well.

And [sighs] hold on, I'll let you I'll let you I'll let you go.

I'll [laughter] let you I'll let you share your your thing in a second.

&gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; where I think like where it does apply like yes was creating the iPhone and the iPad a new category of device like you you can you can make more of a connection there.

I just think like the average person listening to this and the a the they're working at they're working at a company they're their boss is the founder CEO they're the visionary like the the next little like martekch point solution it's very hard to like come up with some big category defining narrative for that I guess that's where I come from so mo most cases claiming to be category creation uh cases are actually subcategory creations uh cases which again I'm being very pedantic here but it's so important Because like the air fryer, right, that Seb created, like it's a fryer, but it's not using oil.

So, it's almost always the same.

It's like it's like that, but it's slightly different in that way.

So, you're always leaning on something that already exists.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

We said at Drift, we said it's it's like live chat, but for sales and network.

&gt;&gt; Exactly.

So, like you need to lean on something that already exists because we are not God and therefore you can't put thoughts into people's head.

You need to meet them where they're at.

So it's it's like that's why the first car that didn't have a a horse attached to it was called a horseless carriage.

You get &gt;&gt; the frame you're comparing it to the carriage.

But what what would you say to like I I would quote this Oglev line all the time which I do you believe this then there's he said he said there are no dull products only dull writers which is like okay there are no there are no boring products there's only marketers who can't make it interesting.

&gt;&gt; Yeah for sure but it it it's it's it's more about distinctiveness than differentiation.

So differentiation is the ability to say we're the only one that does that thing uh unlike all of these other alternatives or direct competitors right that position you as the best choice the least risky choice distinctiveness is about to be noticed is the ability to be noticed to stick in people's minds regardless of the product.

So if you're in demand, even if you have hundreds of competitors, by the way, that's a great um that's a great proof that there is demand.

Uh then you can be super distinctive and have a lot of fun, but you can't confuse the two notions because they are not the same.

That's a good point about that that that also makes the point earlier of you can't create demand.

It's actually that you don't usually there is some form of demand, right?

There's there's tons of competitors in the space, which is a good sign.

It means there's buyers, you know, there's there's people in this in this market.

They've done the education for you, right?

&gt;&gt; All right.

Can you openage number six?

No, no, no, no.

Number six.

&gt;&gt; Classic.

That's That's good marketing right there.

We're going to interrupt.

We're going to go to number six.

&gt;&gt; Did you wrap all this?

No.

This had to be outsourced wrapping.

&gt;&gt; So, we Yeah.

I We asked my my uh right-hand woman, Diana, who works with me.

We asked her best friend who still bas in the US to order all of them to her house and package them.

&gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; that's why this smells nice.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

So my packet like if I had sent them it wouldn't smell nice.

Is that is that the implication here?

&gt;&gt; I don't know.

I don't dude I've never I've never smelled you firsthand.

So I don't [laughter] I don't have the answer to that.

&gt;&gt; My god, there's so many weird quotes from this interview.

Like is that an anus?

[laughter] &gt;&gt; People will really hate me if we just cropped this if we this would be this would be the true test of no context.

Okay, so this this is a nice pair of um rooster.

Is this a bathing suit?

&gt;&gt; So, it's a bathing suit with my Roger the Rooster distinctive brand assets on.

Right.

Uh, the reason why I ask you to open this package six is because we're talking about distinctiveness a bit.

And one of the core fundamental principle that I think many B2B companies in particular get wrong is this idea that you don't need to have to add and attach meaning to all of your brand assets in order to stand out.

And in fact, you should probably go after one or two assets that are meaningfree.

So I'd explain what that means.

It means like, you know, when you taste water, it tastes like nothing because our brain is kind of wired to this is the average.

This is what it should taste like.

This is the the bland thing.

Uh, and it's there because if it's poison or if it's if there's a was a dead sheep at the top of the hill and you drink that water, you could die.

And so, you don't want to create something that is meaningful like, you know, all of those copyriters that have a font pen as a logo.

um because you run the risk of um confusing your prospect brain.

You're not the only one with a font and pen and therefore you don't stick you don't stick in people's brain.

Um you could use other categories like in SAS in particular using very similar color, very similar logos, very similar vibes.

At the minute it's like the chatbot and the the how do you call them?

you know the coloring thing like the lovable uh what do they what they do with the color how do you call that the neon like anyway so it's important to use some assets so that you make sure that people understand that you belong to a certain category but you want to go completely left field with one or two that are meaning free &gt;&gt; um so the only one &gt;&gt; I don't know why I guess like I'm not doing this with exit 5 cuz it's kind of like already working and things are established and maybe we could, but I feel like if I was going to if I was going to start a company like let's a a SAS company today, the number one thing I would do is in is just come up with some insane completely not like anything else branding.

You don't want to go too far.

You want to go far enough so that they still know that you're part of this group, but you're not like the other girls, right?

So like I don't know if you saw Post Hog website redesign recently.

Uh so like this product analytics tool they redesigned their entire website to be like an OS experience like Windows 98.

So don't bless you their entire website is is essentially a an OS inside the website.

It's completely different from any other website you've ever seen.

And they went all in with it, right?

Like you can open menus, open windows inside.

It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gorgeous, right?

And there's this little hedgehog as well.

And I ask you, you know, what does a hedgehog have anything to do with product analytics?

Absolutely nothing.

What does have a rooster anything to do with uh, you know, positioning, branding?

You could say, well, I'm French, the rooster, whatever.

But that's how far it goes.

No one else uses it.

No one else will use it in my space.

And so, this is a meaningfree brand asset.

So, uh, back in the day, talking like an old man, uh, you know, Gong, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; they used to have this dog as their mascot called Bruno.

Bruno the bulldog.

A real dog.

And they actually had auditioned eight dogs before picking this one.

Again, what does bulldog have to do with any anything around like sales calls and sales?

Nothing.

So, this is the my advice, my foundational kind of first principle advice.

uh you could go after I'm just going to share briefly the type of things you could look into like there's the sounds stuff there's the visual stuff like logos type face colors there is uh mascots in particular like characters um I would argue that for exit 5 one thing that is highly distinctive is you and I think you're this is what makes it work as well not only from your network and all the stuff you're brewing but also your face quite simply So just being the the the the the main person in front of this this company I think makes it meaningf free distinctive because no one else has your face.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's true.

That that's a weird thing for me to articulate cuz like sometimes we'll be like well how are we different than so and so if people ask and I'm kind of like well me I guess I don't like it's weird for me to say it but it is like this is this is the ingredient like the whole marketing strategy when I learned how to do marketing which I would say was at was at drift was like the founders were wellknown had lots of followers already had a reputation so I was like oh boom perfect this is my ingredient like I think what I love about marketing is like each company is Each scenario is different.

Everybody has different budget team availability.

And what's really fun is like &gt;&gt; you you get to like open the fridge and you're like all we have is like three eggs, a onion, and a and a piece of bread.

And like we got to make a decent meal with it.

And that's what's fun to me.

And so it's like sure I've worked at a company that had a lot of VC money that had no money.

Now I'm doing a bootstrap.

Like this is the fun part about marketing.

It's like oh let's that's why it's funny cuz you and I like we give marketing advice for a living.

So I'm going to like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on us for for a second.

But it's like there is so much nuance.

It's like okay maybe this company like everyone's like just hire A players and it's like well they actually can't hire A players because like no one's ever heard of them before.

They have no money so they kind of have to hire some like C players who could maybe become A players.

So anyway, I love I love that as a as a differentiator.

You also mentioned um just these little details like sound like Gary Vee has been talking about this forever.

He talked this concept of like sonic branding, which I think is is genius.

And think about it, if you listen to musicians or podcasts, you know, they have a certain sound.

Like I've been listening to Tim Ferrris's podcast for 10 years.

I could hum to you what his like intro tune is.

And that's now cemented in my head as as things like we absolutely should think about these things in in B2B.

And it it goes back to to scientific facts about the way memory works, right?

It's not because Gary Vee said it.

It's not because of any of that.

It goes back to first principle foundational scientific stuff.

We remember things better when they tickle different parts of the brain.

And if you can associate your brain with sound stuff, visual stuff, character stuff, that actually is stored in different parts.

So that helps with cognition, recognition, being noticed, all of that.

I believe that I we had an event couple months ago.

I'm not going to give any more details of this because I don't want to expose anybody.

But I met a person &gt;&gt; I met a person &gt;&gt; who we've traded messages forever online, you know, whatever.

Great, super friendly, super kind.

I was talking to this person and they had the worst breath.

The worst breath.

And I maybe it's a medical thing.

I don't know.

No disrespect.

Every time I see that every time I see that person pop up, that's all I can think of now.

That's Louis with the bad breath.

And I'm can't I can't help it.

But that is physically ingrained in my head.

met so you you easy [snorts] yeah but that's it and and I know that one of the questions that people are asking themsel listening to this right now is how do I get approval from the CEO or the seuite about this how do we go meaningfree like they want to play safe and whatnot and so it's I don't know what's your advice there I don't want to you know I I'm actually curious to hear what you would say to people asking this &gt;&gt; I think if I think it's like um I've been I've been thinking about this a lot lately I've been doing a bunch of calls with people taking new jobs or founders or whatever.

I think you have to really be a steward of like the craft of marketing.

And if I just say to you like, "Hey, I want to do some I want to change this.

I want to make this look crazy." Then the CEO is going to be like, "I don't sit.

I don't get it." But if I can actually sit down with you and be like, "Hey, Lou, can we sit down for a second?

I just want to like I want to talk about like our competitive landscape and how people buy and like how they make decisions." And if you can talk about it in the framework of like how we're going to get people to pay attention to us, then I then I like it.

Right.

where where nobody gives you the chance is if you just kind of do a one-off thing and you're like, "We want to try something different." Um, I think that can be hard.

How do you answer that?

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

Uh, like that pretty much.

Uh, now I would add a bit like a couple of tactical stuff.

One thing that I'd like to advise is to ask for forgiveness and not permission.

So try to like within your realm of responsibility to try something a campaign.

Let's say you only run Facebook ads for your company and you want them to try something different.

Well, run a Facebook ad campaign with that idea in mind with a small budget that won't like get you fired and prove that it's working better in whatever metrics, right?

So, like prove it.

Ask for forgiveness later if if you didn't have really the permission to do it.

That tends to work well.

Another thing is &gt;&gt; Yeah.

Yeah.

If results if you could blind cover up the the creative and you just showed like the CEO the results were they're almost always I've never met a CEO that that is not interested in the the the result side of it.

Or you could appeal to their ego and say, "Well, why don't you create a campaign or why don't you do the way you think and I'll do the way I think and compare results?" That also works.

They'll never do it.

&gt;&gt; Well, and then you say, "Well, &gt;&gt; it's my job." &gt;&gt; Something I think about when I go on LinkedIn as an example is like I see I don't get why, and I'm sure we do this too, so you could find our ads and you can dunk on me for this.

So, whatever.

I think a lot of times like why do the ads look like ads [laughter] especially in B2B we make these ads that look like it's so it's like a because of what you said because of the the root cause of this was like because it has to be on brand and so there's this ad in my LinkedIn feed that basically just looks like a flyer for the company.

It's got the same font the same logo.

It's like my my brain instantly tunes that out where did you ever read the Boron letters Gary Halbert?

He has this thing in the book where he talks about the A pile and the B pile.

Like when you when you get your mail, when you get your your pile of mail, &gt;&gt; you you come home and you know, I got all this stuff.

These are my like bills and everything.

I put these away.

I put these in the side, &gt;&gt; but then there's one handwritten note that's clearly like human and there's kind of smudged in the back.

I'm going to open that one first cuz it's a handwritten note.

This is why years ago we went to doing plain text emails and kind of like, you know, lowercase subject lines.

Like, don't you want your ads to be to stand out?

Isn't that the point?

I want to get you to click on it.

What's funny about it is is how that changes over time.

It's like as more marketers use the same tricks, then that becomes the norm.

And so, the opposite of that could very well be what used to not work now works, right?

Um, and it's also I think there's an argument against it saying like, you know, a lot of big big big brands keep growing by just being there, right?

like Coca-Cola, McDonald's, all of that.

They need to stay top of mind.

They need to uh keep their share of voice, share of market and they need to look like a extremely successful company that run ads because running ads people associate that with success and the fact that oh they have budget and they're there and even though we don't necessarily react to it saying oh I must click on that link I must do to that page that that tells me deep down it's it's there right so I think this argument against not just going just for that type of ads.

But for small brands, &gt;&gt; that's probably different though.

Like I think about that when I travel.

I go to the airport and I'm like this whole terminal is like Cisco, you know?

I'm like who how how do they mention it?

But it's it's exactly your point.

That feels legitimate.

If I'm traveling for work and I'm like damn, Cisco is everywhere.

Like okay, that's a legitimate.

And then when my company's working with them, that that totally makes sense.

Like &gt;&gt; you don't get fired from hiring IBM as they say, right?

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

Right.

I saw Zoho CRM everywhere in like the Detroit airport and I was like, "Oh, they must be doing well." Yeah, but there you go.

Exactly.

Right.

And that might not be true.

Who knows?

Why don't we open package 4?

I'm careful.

I'm mindful of the time and I want to make sure you get to open all of your little things.

If you're listening to the audio version of this podcast, I'm just going to describe Dave's face.

Dave is very, very excited.

&gt;&gt; He's very handsome.

&gt;&gt; No, no, I didn't say that.

I said he's very, very excited.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

No, that mean in French that means handsome.

in French diamonds.

&gt;&gt; We're not cutting anything out of the audio episode because this is going to get people to watch.

This looks like a uh bat signal.

It is a Batman light.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

Okay, that's it.

[laughter] Thanks for coming on the pod, dude.

Yeah, it's great to see you.

That's just that's just for your for your office or whatever.

So, yeah, it's a it's a real light bat signal thing.

I think it it was handmade or uh something along those lines.

It's not a a mass-produced thing.

Um, and so one of the other principle I wanted to talk about &gt;&gt; what is that supposed to mean?

Should I care about it more?

Does that mean we're supporting some local some local &gt;&gt; entrepreneur?

Uh, whatever it is.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Exactly.

You should care about it more.

&gt;&gt; Um, so so bad signal.

Why why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did I did I send that to you?

I think the one thing that keeps coming back when I work with Oh, for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sake.

Dave, &gt;&gt; right?

You see that's how excited he is.

Just is is just shaking of excitement and it just broke the lamp already.

And and the concept of a bad signal is is is related to point of view.

And I know that a lot of folks hear about this advice on you must have a point of view and your company should share a point of view and that's how you stick out and I don't like it that much um because I think it again forgets about the first principle behind all of it.

So, a point of view is not there to be controversial for the sake of it.

It's not there to be to to to steer [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's not there to be a contrarian or anything like that.

A point of view is really there to show your segment, your people, your ICP, that you're there for them, that you're there to protect them, earning their trust.

And you do it by talking about the struggles they face.

You do it by naming the monster or the enemy or whatever.

And you do it in a way that is consistent everywhere.

So that that creates a sense of coherence and control.

Right?

When you share a point of view throughout everything you do, people understand why you're here.

And I don't know if you've ever come across a business or someone on LinkedIn, let's say, where you're like, what's their game?

Why are they here?

What what are why are they doing this?

Right?

Like what what's the deal?

Right?

uh it's because they're lacking this kind of through line, this point of view, this this bad signal that they should broadcast uh to the world.

Um so that's why you have the best signal as a light.

Wait, so so you're [clears throat] saying you don't you should have a point of view, but the point of the but the point of having one isn't for like a for the sake of content.

It's not there for the sake of contradicting people for the sake of it or just cheating on a group of people for the sake of it.

A lot of advice around point of views or narrative is like basically say the opposite of what others are saying.

And that's not at all what it should be.

It's it's about signaling to the right people that you're there for them.

You're on their side.

And it takes time.

And a lot of people do it very um without thinking like I mean you're an example of that with exit 5 like everything you do is centered around one thing and you don't do it just to piss people off or to annoy a group of people.

You do it because nobody uh gets uh to school uh to study B2B marketing, right?

That's kind of the over overarching point of view and that trickles down to every single thing you do.

It's it's actually that so it's a good observation because something that I'm trying to I try to edit out a lot or like I don't want to I think as we've morphed from like my personal brand to the company yeah a lot of the way that I would write online is like it it would be very polarizing like this is wrong this is da da da right and I vowed to basically be like I'm not going to do that because I I really think everything can work and so instead our mission as a company with exit 5 if I was doing solo consulting Dave I'm trying to get pipeline for myself like I would take a different approach but we want to I want to be a brand that like lifts up marketers we we we celebrate the craft and the job of doing marketing and we are a resource where you can come and learn and then there's people who there's people who don't like me for whatever reason I don't know how you could not like me that will then translate I could never follow exit 5 because Dave's full of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that that's totally fine but our content is is meant to be like designed for you um &gt;&gt; yes but that's how again Exactly.

This that doesn't prevent you from having extremely strong point of view because as you said, you're there to help your people like B2B marketers to have thriving careers and and influence the companies they work for and and that's why everything you do boils down to that.

But I would disagree with something you said where you're like, "Oh, when I post something, I'm like, I don't like this." I don't see that at all.

like in the way you write um it's actually quite you do have nuances and you don't you don't just say this is all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you shouldn't do it you don't so yeah I would disagree with that that that that assessment right on on the point of view thing though don't you also think I think the other thing is like this can't be this can't be just a marketing thing it can't be like marketing develops a point of view I think com people that do this really well it's like the point of view is actually embedded in the DNA of the company.

Like I'm into these I'm into the my feet are all messed up because I've been wearing the bad bad Nikes and Jordans and shoes my whole life.

And so I got really into like finding a barefoot the concept of like a barefoot shoe that kind of spreads out your toes is better for your feet.

And there's this brand Vivo Barefoot, right?

&gt;&gt; Perfect example of this like that's not a marketing message.

It's their point of view is literally baked into like how they build the product and that's where this can be really powerful.

And so if your your point of view has to be baked into like yeah we do have a new way of of doing this and and that's going to be represented in our marketing.

It has to come from a a place of yeah it's not a marketing trick.

It has to come from a place of generosity towards the people you seek to serve.

And it's like processing that vaccinol into the sky saying hey if you need this if you struggle with that this is where you can find us.

And there's no trick there.

It's not about being controversial for the sake of it.

&gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Okay, Dave is going rogue.

Open the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He's just open.

What's the number that you opened?

Oh, do you want me to do this one first?

I don't know.

You've already opened the other one, so go ahead.

There's no This is This one I was worried about.

This is the one I was worried about because you sent this to my house.

This one wasn't wrapped.

I'm like, "Oh shit." Like, is this is this some Is someone trying to get me?

&gt;&gt; That's a um a TNT experience.

Do you remember the the Crash Bandicoot?

&gt;&gt; Oh my god, dude.

My my kid, we got a we bought a PlayStation one so he could play the original Crash Bandicoot and it's upstairs.

The only video game he likes it.

We love We Yes.

Yes, I do.

&gt;&gt; That's for him then.

So that's a little clicker like a TNT box clicker.

And that's another principle that I think is probably the most underlooked principle in B2B.

Uh it's the fact that people don't buy because they have pain points.

People buy when they experience a set of triggers that lead them to buy because you can be in pain quite literally for years without doing anything about it.

And it's only when specific triggers happen that you actually uh do something.

So I just going to give you two examples.

I'm working with a SAS uh at the minute that sell to manufacturers and they were struggling with that concept uh because for them the problem was they're overwhelmed and they need to manage their day-to-day better inside the factory.

[snorts] Uh and I argued that's just common.

Everyone suffers from that problem.

How are we going to reach people when they need what we offer?

uh we discovered through interviews and stuff that one of the key reason why people push that TNT trigger that chemical reaction happens when they either buy a new factory inside the group or they get bought or they expand or they move to a new factory a new site right so all of those things that are like uh life-changing moments where there's a big change happening the pain is still there but then they're like okay now that we've moved to a new site we might as well take care of this, right?

And once you understand the difference between the two, I think that's extremely powerful, right?

It's like a TNT thing.

The reason why TNT as the as the gift because crash could for once, but also because I don't know if you knew TNT wasn't discovered as a uh explosive device, explosive thing first.

It was a very stable compound.

I don't remember what it was for, like for dye, dying colors, stuff like that.

And it's only when it's actually put under a massive amount of pressure that it just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] explode.

So it's the same for people and how they decide to buy.

&gt;&gt; I thought you just get one of those like intent signal vendors and they tell you when this moment is about to happen and then you just email people and then boom, you do it.

&gt;&gt; No, you're right.

Actually, I'm sorry.

I'm I'm wrong.

But you see, that's why the first principle thinking is so important.

Once you know that that's how people behave and you can look back at everything you've bought in the past, I can guarantee you I'll find at least one trigger that is unirect uh not directly related to the pain point or problem.

[snorts] Um once you understand that, you can then apply the tools on the inside from 2026 to your stack.

So yeah, at the minute it's all hot like GTM uh uh signals and whatever.

That's the same principle.

That's the same thing, but they focus on stuff like new role, new company, whatever.

So you so like let's let's get into a company.

We're going to go work on a new company, a new product that you know we're going to go help this company that already exists.

Like the very first thing we're going to do is like deep research on the customer.

Let's look at the last 50 customers who have bought and are good fit customers and let's try to really talk to them and understand like what was the kind of inciting incident.

What was the thing that actually led to the purchase and that's not going to mean we're going to send some perfectly timed email about it so we can build an understanding of how people buy and then where do we need to show up along that journey.

But the exactly the power of this is not only just to be oh they change job therefore we should send them an email.

It's about being there before they even start thinking about us.

It's like if you sell to factories, if you sell like a SAS to factories and you know that moving out or moving in or whatever is a big trigger, guess what?

You create content about it.

You associate yourself with the theme and the topic of moving in like preparing the move and whatever.

And then once they are ready, once they moved in and they look into solution like yours, they'll think of you first, right?

So that's the beauty of thinking these ways you can anticipate what's going to happen next.

Once you really understand triggers, usually like they're almost always the same once you start uh identifying looking into research.

Well, what you're talking about that also makes the case for like investing in brand and let's do things to get people to know we exist before they're ready to buy from us.

And that's why I think a lot of B2B marketers struggle with the pain point problem kind of messaging or approach is because they get stuck there.

It's like, yeah, but what if they don't feel the pain that much?

What if there's no urgency?

Where do you go from there?

Like what do you what are you supposed to do?

Well, you look at trigger events and you go back into the timeline and that's when you can build associate yourself, your brand with key category entry points or trigger events or whatever you want to call them.

I also got this &gt;&gt; 50 lb dumbbell.

&gt;&gt; Oh, well that wasn't part of the thing.

&gt;&gt; This is a bonus.

This is a bonus.

&gt;&gt; That's a rogue.

That's a vendor who who decided to like throw things.

&gt;&gt; All right.

Trying to tell me something.

This is all right.

And then I got the last one which is what got my face going because this is I'm going to make it look like this was a gift to my to my children and when they come home from school today, we're going to put this together cuz we're all in.

&gt;&gt; Do you think that wasn't on purpose?

I mean, do you really think I'm that?

&gt;&gt; No.

I know.

I know.

This is a good move.

Surprise.

Marketing principle number 17.

Surprise and delight.

Yeah.

So, this is a Lego set.

A Harry Potter Lego set.

Uh Harry Potter because I believe your daughter loves Harry Potter and Lego because that's one last concept about it, which is uh you know people for thinking that if they repeat themselves too much, they'll bore people out and so they're always trying to find new ways to say stuff.

And I think the principle it should be like share one core thing 1,000 different ways uh not 1,000 things one time, right?

And so the Lego set is kind of this analogy of all those bricks that are there to kind of build the same thing and goes back to the point of view, right?

That's what's there's a real analogy is like we will we will have fun putting this together, but what they actually love most is once they once they put something together, now we have then eventually everything gets taken apart.

Now we have this massive bin with all the random pieces and like my son can play for hours with just all the random like we got some Sonic the Hedgehog Legos, we got some Star Wars, we got some Harry Potter.

It's like putting those all together is what's fun.

&gt;&gt; Exactly.

&gt;&gt; So I think you &gt;&gt; The other thing is like I've been reading a lot of like history, fiction, historical fiction.

It's amazing because if you just take a step back and like study history for a little bit, you're like, "Oh, all this stuff is the same.

It's we're just talking it just it's just different now." But like I forget what I was reading.

I maybe it was like a p maybe I was listening to a podcast.

I listen to founders podcast and uh that that guy David Sen they he was doing I listened to one about the Red Bull.

Amazing, right?

Red Bull's like this crazy, they made an energy drink and like now they're like, you know, sending people out of space and they own an F1 team and all this stuff.

It was like, oh, all the reasons that this guy wanted to start this company in the 80s or '90s, whatever.

There's so many lessons that apply to whatever products we're working on today.

Go study history, study people.

I did this whole study on vibe coding tools and the market about it like for one company that hired me to do it and realizing that the history was repeating itself from the first web uh builders like Dreamweaver and all of that that appeared and how Dreamweaver became very clunky and so therefore Microsoft front page started to take over and like it basically the mirror image of what's happening now faster but same thing so yes study history and don't think you're that clever to actually, you know, do something that shouldn't really won't follow those principles.

It's like let's just check our ego at the door and and be a student of what's happening uh of our customers of the market.

&gt;&gt; What do you say to what do you say to someone who would listen to this or or hear anything about this same in the same vein that we would talk about and say, "Yeah, yeah, this is great.

I get it, but like you guys didn't show me any B2B marketing examples." Why do why are people why do people obsess over that?

Why do they why do we always have to know that like Salesforce had this landing page and it worked really well and so that like that counts?

So why does that matter?

&gt;&gt; I think it's it's a version of like risk.

It's we don't like risky stuff.

We can remove as much risk as possible from our decision the better.

So asking for B2B example means it's way less risky because I know it's applied to my world and I don't have to think that much right don't make me think so but I would say we shared a lot of B2B example here we shared talk about hot jar we talk about the SAS for like the industry we talked about yeah post talk drift uh gong with Bruno the bulldog I mean come on you know you're right Go, go, go, go rewind this.

Um, and what are you up to these days, sir?

Louie launched a YouTube channel dabbling down on something that AI can't touch, which is like meeting people in person and actually doing some fun marketing work together.

So, I launched a first series about putting locking three freelancers in a cottage in Ireland and helping them with their positioning.

That was fun.

So, that was four videos and we are doing another one pretty soon.

I'm going to go to the house of a SAS founder and just be there for two or three days, film everything, help him with his marketing, but also understand his story behind it.

I'm a big fan of documentaries, man.

I love Louis Tou in particular and like I fancy myself as someone who who could do a good job there doing some mix of like the documentary style with marketing and advice.

And so that's the main thing.

And then the book stand [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out is still I send that to everyone who ask me.

I still talk about it all the time.

But that's yeah the YouTube is pretty much the one thing at the minute that I'm obsessing about because it's fun.

&gt;&gt; Do you have like a do you have a film crew in in your area that you trust and hire or you hire freelancers each time?

&gt;&gt; Um so for for the first time uh the one in the cottage I hired a uh videographer.

Uh but for the one with the SAS founder I'm actually going to go on my own.

I have two cameras.

I have my my my gear.

And I'm gonna do that myself.

I want it to be intimate.

I don't want it to feel like there's an entire crew there.

And it might [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fail, but I'm going to try.

&gt;&gt; What are you going to fil What do you got?

GoPros.

You put GoPros around.

&gt;&gt; No.

So, I have a DJI handheld camera and then I have a Sony uh thingy.

I have like the wireless microphone.

I have a shotgun microphone.

I have mounting gears.

I have everything I need.

&gt;&gt; Okay.

Louie Louie on LinkedIn.

It's Louis Frenchie Gier.

That's it.

&gt;&gt; Check him out.

Stand the Stan the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out.

Um I love this topic, man.

I We We should do I'm I'm happy to do more of it.

I If I could be an advocate for one thing, it would be this this type of stuff.

So, if you if you got if you like this hour with Louie, I want to hear your feedback directly.

email me dave@exit55.com or go to Louis LinkedIn and send him a message cuz I I think we can do a good job of advocating like I understand a lot of the tactical stuff matters but I want to get more people to think are you a fan of you know Harry Dry &gt;&gt; a little bit &gt;&gt; a little bit smart &gt;&gt; he's a good friend of mine yeah &gt;&gt; he okay yeah you guys are similar he told me he told me but um he he spoke at drive this year and and it was great and it was one of the most well-received sessions because it was exactly this and I I saw a guy in the lunchroom after and he was like, "Man, that talk was that talk with Harry like reminded me why I love marketing and I feel the same way when I when I talk to you.

This is it's not about this like, you know, ABM data provider use case and here's what you can do." It's like I like talking about this stuff and um it's fun.

I've been looking forward to this.

I got a whole mess of of presence and stuff and so you should go go to it's it's my YouTube YouTube channel.

It's Hey Dave Ghart or just search Dave Ghart YouTube or exit 5 Dave Ghart.

We'll have this up here.

can see.

And um I don't know, maybe I'm just going to take the rest of the day off and I'll I'll get this Harry Potter thing set up before my kids come home from school.

&gt;&gt; Can I add two things very briefly?

So, thanks for for for today.

It's quite fun.

The first time we talked, the first time I interviewed you on my now dead podcast, everyone has marketers was nine years ago, man.

Just to let you know.

Nine [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] years ago.

&gt;&gt; So, that was 20 2016.

&gt;&gt; 2017 you were just starting at Drift.

&gt;&gt; Oh my god.

If I not mistaken, &gt;&gt; I'm going to throw up cuz my daughter was just born now.

She's like &gt;&gt; I know it's weird.

It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weird.

So, one thing, don't do take any symptoms relating to your bowel seriously.

Don't be ashamed of it.

They see way worse.

So, blood in stew, uh ch massive changes in bowel movement, tiredness, a lot of stuff like that.

It's unlikely that you have it, but do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] take it seriously.

And then the last thing is &gt;&gt; amen.

The fun thing about the concept and the first principle we talked about is whatever happens in your career or entrepreneurial life, you will stand back up, right?

If you fall, you will stand back up because you have those principles, foundations to lean on.

And so whatever happens, new AI [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] whatever, you will feel in control.

And that's a nice feeling when you're in marketing.

&gt;&gt; That's a good message because it's it's hard.

I feel like I have these skills and I have constant FOMO.

Like my new thing lately is like, dude, everyone's talking about cloud code and I don't even know how to write a single line of code.

Like, am I am I toast?

Is this it?

Am I going to go into business?

&gt;&gt; Yeah, you're fired.

You're fired.

But that's why exactly why I'm saying it because you're not alone.

I'm not like everyone feels this way.

And it's just like like to to to ease up your nervous system to say you will figure [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out if you have those foundations.

You will figure [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out.

You will.

No problem.

All right, Louie.

Great to see you, my friend.

[music] Likewise.

I'm going to get you to Vermont in September.

You'll be here.

We'll figure it out.

We have a problem with that.

Okay.

Talk about it later.