Author: Dave Gerhardt
Source File: What B2B Marketers Can Learn from Restaurant Marketing (with Jessica Serrano, CMO at Bagel Brands)_2yYsJlRgiUM.en.vtt

WEBVTT Kind: captions Language: en We're building a brand over time and we're driving sales overnight.

&gt;&gt; Hey, my guest this week is Jessica Serrano.

She's the CMO at Bagel Brands and she spent her entire career in restaurant marketing at places like Taco Bell, Burger King, and Dig In.

&gt;&gt; I have been in food marketing my entire career.

My first job, I was a sales rep for Nabiscoco, building cookie and cracker displays and grocery stores, but eventually I found my way into fast food.

&gt;&gt; We got into why consumer and B2B marketing are way more similar than people think.

I know that's a topic you all want to talk about.

All the B2B marketers want to be consumer marketers and the consumer marketers want to be B2B marketers.

This is a perfect topic for you.

&gt;&gt; On the B2B side, there were nuances to the decision makers.

There's the office admin whose pain point is I'm just trying to feed a bunch of people that have different allergens and it's on time and it's accurate.

But then I also had a university that wants to know if I can do house accounts and POS.

It became clear to me like if you want to actually do this, well, you cannot treat this like traditional restaurant marketing.

We talk about how she's using AI across her marketing and sales process and her philosophy, which I love that her job is to build the brand over time and drive sales overnight.

&gt;&gt; It really transformed what was a brick-andmortar business into an e-commerce business whether they wanted to or not.

&gt;&gt; Enjoy my conversation with Jessica Serrano.

&gt;&gt; 1 2 3 4.

&gt;&gt; All right.

Super excited because my guest is uh Jessica Serrano.

We we just met.

Uh we met because I posted a I posted a Neo Neo the lyrics to a Neo song on LinkedIn with no context and it was instantly swallowed up by the AI comments who were like, "Absolutely, Dave.

I am also so sick of love songs.

Isn't it so interesting how we don't use answering machines anymore?" And I saw you reposted it, which is amazing.

So, we've been talking riffing about music and life and you're a mom of of twin 5-year-olds.

Do you and you're you're like an awesome CMO at a consumer brand.

So what the heck are you doing on my podcast which is mostly about B2B marketing?

Can you say what you said just behind the scenes actually?

&gt;&gt; Yeah, we're going to find out together.

But ultimately I mean the re the reason that you're even in my world is because as a B2C marketer I there's a lot that we can learn from B2B um marketers.

So that's how I started you.

So, we we do all this content for B2B marketers and everyone is like it's it's just so funny because everyone wants to it's almost like uh athletes athletes want to be rappers, musicians, musicians and athletes want to you know it's a vice versa.

So, it's like we all want to do the cool stuff like consumer brands but then here I have the CMO of a you know 30-year-old like mega mega brand in the in the food space and you're telling me actually so before this you were CMO at Digin.

So, so right now you're CMO at Bagel Brands.

We're going to talk a bunch about about that, but you were you were CMO at Digin and something interesting happened because you're CMO at Digin, all of a sudden COVID happens and tell me about the shift that happened in your in your business basically overnight.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, you're right.

I have been in food marketing my entire career.

I have only sold food only.

Uh my first job I was a sales rep for Nabiscoco building cookie and cracker displays and grocery stores, but eventually I found my way into fast food.

I worked at Taco Bell and Burger King both uh during CO.

So in QSR co really accelerated our business because you couldn't eat out.

So people were going through drive-through.

So that job was trying to figure out, you know, how do we get uh throughput through a drive-thru and when Dig In called in 2022, they were coming out of a very different COVID reality, which was that dig in, for those of you who don't know, is a fast casual chain in the northeast, about 30 to 40 locations and very heavily concentrated in Manhattan.

It was all office lunch, walk-in business.

And so when COVID hit, the business came to a screeching halt.

they almost didn't survive it, but they did.

They figured out how to kind of right-size things and get onto third-party delivery.

And it it really transformed um what was a to or not.

So, when the founder called me in 22 and said, you know, help me to figure out how to scale this business for its next chapter of growth.

We want to learn from the lessons of COVID.

The first job was diversifying into other markets.

So, here was this concept that had product market fit in an urban setting, but did it scale to suburban markets?

And so, you know, opening the 20th Manhattan location is different than opening the first one in Virginia.

And so, that's the journey I went on over those years was opening seven new markets for them, but also realizing that there were things we could learn from B2B because catering was a big part of the business.

So, if you think about it, you know, you spend $15 when you walk into a dig in, but an office admin spends $500 on catering.

And it's also an acquisition tool.

What I heard from consumers was that sometimes their first time eating dig in was a meal that was catered from their office.

So, that sparked a whole big question for me about, huh, how how could I approach this differently than what I would, you know, building my traditional walk-in business?

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

And what that's that that is so interesting, right?

Because like someone it's like a friend if it's office lunch, you didn't choose it, but you end up eating it and you're like, "Oh, what was that?" Like I'm gonna go have dig in.

I'm gonna go have cava, whatever.

We live out in the woods in Vermont right now and I used to live in the city in Boston and um we've had more every everything tava dig in all those places eat them for lunch every day that I was so sick of them.

What I would give to have like a dig in in my area right right now.

So, so let's people people that listen to this podcast love like nerding.

This is like a safe space to to nerd out about the actual marketing of stuff.

And so I would love to just dig into that that marketing approach.

So you basically go up market, go B2B instead of selling, you know, trying to sell one digging bowl for 20 bucks.

There's there's no way, sorry to like, you know, speak for you because I'm not in this industry, but there's no way in hell a digging bowl is $15 today.

I can't even get a PB&amp;J for $15.

You can't have real ingredients and be $15 a day.

But today uh anyway so what what changed in the marketing approach you mentioned like offline to me like you know you you start thinking about the target buyer is different HubSpot is different you you you use something like HubSpot what what do you actually do to go and acquire these these caterers and I I would love to dig in some actually marketing plays to go market to these companies to sell the catering the the catering piece &gt;&gt; well you mentioned Boston so that was one of the key opportunities that I saw was Manhattan was rebounding faster than Boston so I'm like, huh?

What is going on in Boston?

People, did people move out of the city that never came back?

I was trying to figure it out.

So, we ended up &gt;&gt; Sorry, when you say trying to figure it out, what are you what are you looking at?

How are you what numbers are you looking at to figure this stuff out?

&gt;&gt; I'm looking at average unit volume, average transaction counts, my loyalty numbers, trying to understand why is this DMA underperforming the other.

And so I ended up hiring a young woman to help me figure out catering because to your point, I did the math and I'm like, I can go get hundreds more $20 transactions or, you know, I can go and get a few 500 and I I really I need to do both, right?

But I knew that I had this kind of like short-term sales lever if I could figure out the catering piece.

So I hired this gal and said, "Hey, here's the list of all the lapsed customers from Boston." I pulled it out of the ordering platform.

I'm like, "These people used to order catering from us and they don't anymore.

go find out why.

And she did.

She called them.

She emailed them.

And she's like, "Some of these people moved out of the city.

Some of their offices closed and are fully remote." But she also found people and said, "N, they introduced me to the new admin or they forgot about us." And she was able to recapture a ton of revenue.

So then naturally you go, "Okay, how do I scale this?" So then after showing progress with this one uh salesperson, I ended up scaling the team to five and having one in each market.

and we just hit an inflection point of them going, "We can't like keep manually pulling these email lists out of our ordering platform.

We need HubSpot." And we had Clavio on the consumer side of our business, right?

Like we have drip campaigns and and journeys and all of that.

So I was trying to understand like hm, okay, why do we need this different platform?

I was not familiar with HubSpot.

I never had a reason to use it.

And so I start I also started to realize that all my BTOC outreach was kind of interfering with their B2B because the overlap of those customers was real too and I was trying to use my Clavio drips to sell catering but that it it wasn't right and so the team was like we got to figure this thing out.

So then we started figuring out sequencing and buyer personas, right?

So on the B TOC side, of course, we have consumer targets, right?

Like young office professional, that's the digin primary target.

But on the B2B side, there were nuances to the to the decision makers.

There's the office admin whose pain point is, I'm just trying to feed a bunch of people that have different allergens and it's on time and it's accurate.

But then I also had like nutritionists for professional sports teams that are like, "Can you, you know, get your product through TSA and feed this team on a flight with these calorie guidelines, right?" And then I'd have, you know, like a a university that wants to know if if I can do house accounts and POS and taxfree um constructs.

So it became clear to me like if you want to actually do this, well, you cannot treat this like traditional restaurant marketing.

Yeah, that's it's so so different.

I mean, it's so relatable to what most of our listeners go through in like a B2B standpoint.

It's like and you you perfectly articulated like the complexities of B2B marketing in a way that doesn't sound like B2B marketing.

It's the exact same thing.

And in this world, it's just more like uh there's procurement, buying committees, security, compliance, all these things.

You got to figure out how do the Patriots can, you know, is dig in an option for the Patriots on their flight to Buffalo, you know, is that's crazy.

That's super interesting.

And then our world would be like, and then if I h I might have the office admin, but I might have their Gmail.

I need their work.

They I'm going to behave differently.

I don't want to get a catering email to my Gmail.

Like, hit me when I'm at work.

And and here's the there's the message.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

So, another trick that we ended up figuring out was that we could cross-ell our main menu customers.

So what started somewhat manually was we would pull marketing opted in emails of people who ordered and we would man we would filter out Gmail AOL anything that indicated it was a per personal email address and we would email people who were ordering main menu with a work email address and ask them for a referral to the catering decision maker in exchange for free dig in and this was a great conversion tactic.

It really really worked.

Uh, and then I ended up I tell you the story.

I ended up meeting these guys at a catering conference and they like these young guys and they were they had this startup.

They built this like catering ordering platform and they wanted to pitch it to me and I'm like I'm happy with my catering order solution and they're like, "Well, can we just would you just indulge us and give us feedback on our pitch as like a CMO?" Like, sure.

So, they start showing me this platform.

They're out of Canada.

they just have like a couple of customers on this platform like people who were previously taking orders on paper that they've, you know, were able to convert into this tool and then they gloss over this feature in the product where they're like, "Oh yeah, and by the way, we've developed this AI automation tool that allows you to create CRM journeys based off of an RFM model of what's going on in in the actual ordering platform." So, I told them, I'm like, "You guys should not be selling catering ordering platform.

That's a really saturated market.

It's high switching costs.

It's going to be really hard for you to make progress on that." But your real gem in your product is that you figured out CRM for catering.

And I can tell you as a marketer that's trying to figure out how to do it on my own, nobody else is doing it.

And they should be doing it.

And I'm like, you know, hope hope you're not offended.

I called your baby ugly, but that's my feedback for you.

Have a nice day.

Do with that information what you will.

And they called me a week later and they're like, we thought about what you said.

We're you were right.

Can you be an adviser to us?

And they ended up selling off the technology, the ordering platform technology to another company and they're solely focused on this ARM, this AI CRM solution specifically for catering.

And that for me also just like accelerated my love of trying to figure out AI and how restaurant marketers can leverage that solution.

So &gt;&gt; yeah, cuz I mean all all the stuff that you talked about, I was just thinking of like all the digin stuff was like, yeah, man, you had to you had to pretty much do that before AI.

Now you could ask, you know, you could you could run all these different queries and ask all these questions and come up with these different preferences.

&gt;&gt; Exactly.

And what I what has surprised me the most is and I'm I'm curious if if you or your audience um relates to this is there's still quite a bit of hesitation from sales folks on what that means for their job.

Uh that's what I what I didn't I was so excited to figure out this technology and then I hit some opposition and I think the real underlying objection there was well if this air is if this AI automated CRM solution is doing this for me what does it mean for me as a sales rep and it wasn't about we didn't reduce the headcount of the sales team but it was about having them focus on nurturing other parts of the journey of making sure like did they have a good experience was it on time was it accurate as opposed to sitting at their desk pulling, &gt;&gt; you know, email addresses.

&gt;&gt; I mean, well, forget forget the sales people.

There's lots of thousands of people that listen to this podcast that are in marketing that are wondering like what &gt;&gt; what role do do we play?

How does this impact our our jobs?

I mean, my my business partner and I, Dan, we've been like a lot of people right now, it's like Claude, Claude, code, claude, co-work, everything CL.

We're having some serious conversations right now about like wait a second.

These are all things that in the past would have taken like a lot of time or we would have had to do this is really interesting.

What does this mean?

I don't have the definitive answer to this.

I'll tell you how I'm feeling, Jessica.

like in in this moment I feel like the skill the AI can replace a lot of the work but I think the skill I try to share the prompts that I with my team cuz I'm like I'm not like now change it to black now make it blue make it a little bit bigger boom you know here it is I'm like the prompts that I'm writing and the way that I'm interacting with AI is like I'm taking my 15 years of experience in marketing and I'm like okay you're this and I'm like trying to show it's a level of effort So, I almost feel like I still get to be like I'm like the puppet master now, you know?

Like I still get to have the taste, the vision, the ideas, but I don't have to basically now be like, "Well, I got the idea.

Now I just got to wait seven days for my developer to like deploy this to the website." I kind of see you nodding along.

Do you kind of you get what I'm saying?

&gt;&gt; Oh, I totally relate.

I mean, my my first when I was an associate brand manager at Taco Bell, I spent the majority of my job, I feel like, writing concepts.

So, this might be unfamiliar.

I don't know if if if your audience um has a similar experience, but in B TOC and traditional CPG, when you want to launch a queserito or whatever, right, you actually have to &gt;&gt; like the nuggets, the Taco Bell nuggets.

That's what I saw a commercial for.

&gt;&gt; Yes, that's the new that's the new thing.

Um you know, you have to write out these concepts, right?

And you you do it's basically AB testing.

Um, and so you'd write all the different positioning statements and different price points and different naming conventions.

And I learned how to do all of that by hand.

It was a very painful process.

And of course, now, you know, 15 years later, like I can do that with my eyes closed.

And so now I don't have to because I actually have an AI tool where I have trained it how to write product content.

&gt;&gt; What are you What are you using today?

Okay, so I I must confess I consider myself kind of a late adopter when it comes to technology.

So I was a diehard ChatgBT user and I kept hearing everybody say like Claude is away, Claude is away.

So the last couple of weeks I wasn't ready to like just fully jump into that.

I started using both and I still was not convinced at first.

So I was like I'm still liking chat but I think it's because like I've really invested a lot in chat understanding me and I hadn't you know put in that same work on I will tell you yesterday I had a huge breakthrough with claude I was like holy this is what people are talking about so it has been chat but I'm early days in understanding the nuances of how &gt;&gt; what was the what was the breakthrough what did you do yesterday &gt;&gt; what I like about claude so chat I think is is really we're really locked step on my voice and copy.

And so like if I if I need to write a product concept, chat's got me.

But Claude, what I really love about it is ability to like spin out a financial model for you or spin up thoughts in a deck.

Just it the ability to translate those ideas off platform really seamlessly.

Pretty impressive.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's I don't know if it's a new model.

I'm not a I like work in tech.

I I I guess probably on the compared to the average person probably am an early adopter, but I'm not the like the day you could do, you know, figure out cloud code like did I figure that out?

No, I'm not I'm not that.

And it is funny.

I I'm I'm like taking notes and I'm laughing because this literally the past week, last Friday, every Friday we have a team meeting and uh I was like I need to present.

I got to show like what I did this week with Claude to the team because we've been on Chat GPT and Gemini and this entire week everything has changed.

our whole team is now like using claude for so much of our our workflows.

And so I I wonder if it's like everybody in my research on the internet seems to be saying that it's this new model that really works.

But I I do believe everyone on this podcast and others has said that for marketing work, writing, strategy type of stuff.

Claude seems to just they're they're the way the water over there in that town, the way that you know how they say like the New York bagels taste better, you know, because of the water.

something just something about the way they make it over there I think just leans it lends itself better to marketing but at the same time I'm also like man the the way that all of this is like moving so fast like do we even need to learn any of these things or is it all just going to eventually become like one super model and whether it's chatgbt or anthropic like aren't you just going to be able to &gt;&gt; build the next you know Einstein brothers website like just through chat GBT like I would take that bet right now &gt;&gt; 100% I know I spent my Saturday trying to figure out claude code and I didn't make as much progress as I would have hoped and I'm like &gt;&gt; hold on we got to we got to we pause on this.

There's a lot of parents that listen to this and the vibe what what I've been joking is like because I like to do some posts sometimes, right?

And so I wrote the I wrote uh like my like my Neo1 I guess was kind of in that area, but last week I wrote like how I ignored my wife.

I ignored my kids all weekend because dad was just in the other room, you know, like doing, you know, working with Claude and like uh I made I made my webinar emails five times more efficient.

But hey, at least my family, you know, hates me now.

When did you do when did you actually do this in the life of a mom with twin 5-year-olds?

Did you tell tell me your actual weekend?

I need to know.

&gt;&gt; Well, I had leverage because my husband traveled all last week for work, which was very, you know, anytime that happens, I'm always like, shout out to solo parents because, you know, doing it for a week was hard and some people do it all the time.

So, respect.

So, he said, "You have the weekend to yourself because of my trip." So, like a dork, &gt;&gt; you are one of us.

One of us.

you.

This is so great.

She had the weekend free and she spent it with Claude.

I love that.

Welcome in.

&gt;&gt; Yes.

Yeah.

Yeah.

So, and I didn't make as much progress as I wanted to on it, but you know what?

I've been But point being, I agree with you that on the one hand, I'm like &gt;&gt; I'm I'm a very active um spectator of folks who are more technically inclined to take these tools and run with it.

I watch a lot of videos and listen to podcasts of people who are playing with things like uh what is Claudebot now or what is it now?

molt bot and um and I think it's interesting because there's you know for the novice like there's a lot of security concerns and so you got to be careful about how how you're structuring all of these tools and so seeing that that OpenAI just hired um the founder of Claudebot uh is interesting because I think that's the next thing is who can figure out these personal agents in a way that is more turnkey and safe for the average consumer.

We'll see.

And did did you feel like something there did do you feel like something bubbled up?

Was it just like you had seen so much Claude that you're just like, man, when I get a free m free moment, I got to just learn this stuff and that's what led to that weekend.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

And I do look for other people that spend their weekend building this stuff and I attach myself to them.

So, um there's a there's a restaurant Martekch vendor that their um CIO, he is obsessed and using it and completely transform the way that they're developing their software.

And it's like the number of um roadmap updates that they're doing is just you can see that AI has transformed their their working method.

And so I appreciate him is because he's gotten restaurant marketers together and he's been doing these AI hackathons and and I'm grateful because you know I think like I said a lot of us got into this business because we care about hospitality but we're also realizing like we don't want to get be left behind.

We want to figure this stuff out.

So there's power in getting together and going how are you using this and comparing notes and just experimenting with it.

So a lot of it really was inspired by meeting with other people in my industry that are you you know and sharing best practices of like use cases.

&gt;&gt; Nice.

Good.

Yeah.

That that I mean that's a common trait among many highly successful people and CMOs I've had the pleasure of interviewing is like this curiosity for people listening.

It's like this is this is what it takes.

It's like Jessica's, you know, already got the job and she's got a family and she's got life and but she's like I'm finding some time to like to learn this stuff.

And I think that's that is what it takes.

I also think there's a huge gap between at least for me when I watch I I I'm in I'm in I'm watching the videos I'm learning but I have to do it myself until it doesn't really click until I actually do it myself and I actually use it.

I I think one of my biggest frustrations with the AI stuff right now is I do think it's cool.

A lot of it feels kind of fake and performative though.

It's like I want to I want to do it I don't want to do it because I'm showing everyone how cool I am and look at me using these tools too.

I want to like do better work.

I want to ship things faster.

&gt;&gt; 100%.

And if I could be honest with you, I mean the real barrier where I'm feeling stuck is uh the real unlock is through having the integration.

So sure, if you're a founder and you are setting up your own cloudbot to automate processes that you own, that's one thing.

But if you're an organization that hasn't quite figured this out, you you know, like the real magic, right, is like putting the data into the system and setting and and the integration.

You mentioned like security and stuff and it's like right right you you run marketing at a at a brand that has been around for 30 years right the you cannot just suck in all of the company data and put it in this thing and just like put it out into the world there's a lot of risk there do you do you think about that in your world &gt;&gt; yeah 100% and so part of it is building AI comfort and literacy through safe experimentation and so in my world it is partnering with AI first companies that can help us set these things up in a way that isn't exactly like Jessica playing with it on a Saturday, right?

So, I play with it on a Saturday so that I understand the benefits, but then that's how I can become an advocate for like more intentional integration.

And so one of the first tools that I started leveraging AI in um is about market research.

And a lot of my motivation was coming from smaller brands and realizing that AI it can really be a great equalizer because dig in.

I didn't have a research budget.

I did at Taco Bell.

I did at Burger King.

And so I found um a company that basically created an LLM that allows me to drive consumers into my stores, have them try a product, and then do a natural language.

Like really, it's like chatting with Chachi.

Like you tried the new bagel, what did you think about it?

And prior to that, you know, I would have had to do really expensive central location testing, you know, hire a market research firm or like a really static NPS survey where then afterwards I'm like, I wish I would have asked these other 10 questions or I have no idea how to interpret a 4.3 out of five.

And bringing in this tool has completely allowed us to do rapid product testing in a way that our budgets would have never allowed.

And it was hard for people to understand why we were bringing a tool like this in and what did it mean and is it going to go grock on us and it does it is about like just can we try it once you know like just starting to like help wet the appetite and then once organizations see the benefit you know we can continue to figure out more opportunities to leverage this technology is not going anywhere.

&gt;&gt; It's not going anywhere.

And you you you you all must do so much like have a need for a high volume of creative ads, you know, images and stuff that seems like I've seen a lot of use cases with like Claude and the Figma connector.

Like how can we take one campaign and generate a hundred?

Can you can we actually just can you just tell me about your life as this as a CMO of of bagel brands?

like this company runs a bunch of different, you know, bagel bagel conglomerates.

How does how do things work in your world?

That's what I want to know.

Is it just about like did we sell more bagels?

I got to figure there's, you know, brand verse direct response, what channels are you using?

I I don't I don't have like one question, but I'd love to like just tap into like the life the life of a of a CMO right now.

Yeah, I'm about 6 months in, so still pretty early.

But it is an interesting journey because we we do have four brands.

The one that is the largest um and probably most familiar to your audience is Einstein Brothers, which we have hundreds of throughout the US, but we also have Noah's in California, Burgers is another big brand.

And then we have Manhattan Bagels um on the East Coast.

So these are brickandmortar brands that have been around for 30 years where yes at at at the most basic of basic KPIs.

It's did we sell more bagels today than we did yesterday?

&gt;&gt; Ultimately if you were to zoom out and you end up staying at this company for years whatever the measure of that success is going to be like did we ring did we make the cash register ring?

&gt;&gt; Yes.

So our language would be same store sales and that is com a combination of transactions and checks.

Did we get more people to come or did we get people to spend more money?

&gt;&gt; So same same store sales.

So success is measured in that local market with that specific store.

&gt;&gt; Same store sales or comp sales basically means any restaurants that have been open more than call it 365 days.

So you know inorganic year-over-year growth.

&gt;&gt; Okay.

All right.

Cool.

Man, I have so many questions.

I don't even care.

The listeners, some people listen, they're like, "This guy doesn't know anything." He asked the most basic questions &gt;&gt; or come with us on the tour.

&gt;&gt; All right, let's go.

So, you have, let's say, let's take uh Buger.

We I used to work at a startup and every Tuesday morning we got Burgers and it was like the big the big deal.

Yeah, that was back in the day.

&gt;&gt; But I chill into that used to cuz that's that's my job.

&gt;&gt; Oh, well, this is what I meant to say to you.

Actually, I I made a note on this.

It it is funny because one timeless thing that I got from you and we're feeling this in our own business.

I think because of tech and because of AI, it is so we always want to search for the next cool thing, the next big channel, the next viral Tik Tok video.

But I love what you said about your last company where I in B2B we would just call that close lost, right?

It's like these people used to spend money with us.

They didn't.

The whole game is getting customers.

Let's go find out why those people don't.

And you the the the level of things you can learn from that that influence how you do marketing is like so I love I love like bringing back to the simple lessons, right?

So, so how do you how do you get people to the individual?

How do you do marketing at like the brand level that then drives people into the individual stores?

There was a there's a Buger's Bagels in Coolage Corner in Brookline, Massachusetts, where I used to live.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

&gt;&gt; How do we move the needle on that store?

&gt;&gt; That's such a layered question, but high level at the end of the day, the job is driving we're building a brand over time and we're driving sales overnight.

And so, we're we're building out a marketing calendar that's doing both of those things, right?

So, we have top of funnel awareness.

&gt;&gt; Oh, I like that.

That's a bar.

Brand overtime, sales overnight.

And I'm ask this is and I'll shut up in a second, but the the the reason why I'm asking this is because one of the things that comes up all the time in in B2B in our world is like balancing the direct response like balancing like closing deals now and building a brand.

And and we we have this concept that like those two things have to compete each other, but I like talking to consumer marketers because it's it's so obvious that that they don't.

and you you talk about how those two things integrate.

Okay, I'm not gonna just interrupt you.

Keep going.

&gt;&gt; We get into marketing because we're brand builders.

And so really at the end of the day, I do the sales overnight stuff so that I keep my job, but my real heart is also building a brand for the long term.

So if I do the sales stuff overnight, they let me stay.

And then, you know, in my in my spare time, I get to think about like how do we actually build this for the next 30 years.

Um, and to your point about like, you know, the life cycle.

What's interesting about the restaurant spaces, historically, it's been a mostly cash business for many, many decades.

And I call those unknown diners.

You don't know anything about them.

They're faceless transactions.

I can tell you what my average check is at the end of the day.

I can tell you how many peoplea came in.

I can tell you what was on that ticket, but I can't tell you longitudinally, you know, it was Dave and he comes every Tuesday.

And that has been the challenge for restaurant marketing for a long time until loyalty came around.

And so that's the thing that I always want to remind people about loyalty is people get all distracted about loyalty and discounts.

And all the reason for loyalty is known diner data straight up.

And so you're always trying to get as many people into your loyalty program because you're learning from your who are your heaviest users, your infrequent users.

All of those insights are informing how we're building the marketing calendar.

but also, you know, informing our life cycle marketing and how we're approaching SMS and push and, you know, to your point, direct mail.

So, how do I get to sales in that Massachusetts location?

Well, part of it is with loyalty, I'm able to glean insights about what's unique to people in that market and, you know, build campaigns that are both thinking about the overall brand, but also, you know, some local marketing, too.

So there may be tactics where we're focusing on like, hey, we have an opportunity to grow awareness in this market.

Well, how do we get into the community?

How, you know, should we be sponsoring 5Ks and you end every 5K with a bagel?

So, it's a balance of all of those different tactics, which I'm sure is um, you know, not unique to B toC.

&gt;&gt; And how do you how do how do you in in in that example, like do you have a do you have a team?

Are you doing this all by yourself?

15 that covers like these these certain areas where you know cuz you you have hundreds of locations around how how do you actually go in I get I get it like conceptually but how do you actually go and do the work there?

It's interesting because I've now had the benefit of working at a few different organizations and they all do it differently, you know.

So, like when I was at Taco Bell, it was all national marketing.

You know, McDonald's, I never worked there, but I can tell you like local store marketing is a huge part of their business.

Chick-fil-A, local store marketing, Raisin Canes, local store marketing.

So, there's brands that have decided, I'll focus on building a brand nationally or I do it kind of DMA by DMA.

There's no right answer.

you kind of have to figure out what's right.

But it is hard to do both really well.

And I think that's the challenge I'm facing here is I really focused on local store marketing at Dig In because it was 30 to 40 locations.

So it was it was easier to do.

It's how it's how Chipotle scaled their business really was storeby store.

Um and now I'm in an organization to your point, we're we're nearing a thousand locations and I don't have a local store marketing team.

And so what I'm doing is really focusing on the, you know, the the big rocks, we'll call it, like the things that are going to move the needle nationally, but then identifying like what are some key areas where if we just drill down like a lot of it is just 8020, like you know, what are the five bottom performing markets and like how could I take a toolbox and bring that down to the local, &gt;&gt; right?

Yeah, that's so true.

That's so true.

like the sometimes it's like things are working well.

The marketing almost you just need to get out of the way and just have like a this you just need a sign outside the door that says like you know bagels here like now open.

You don't you don't there's probably lots of places where you don't not every place requires your same amount of effort.

I think about the same thing in my business right now.

I could make a list of 100 things but they're not all equally as important.

That's pretty good.

That's going really well over there.

Like don't touch that.

It's it's these things.

What's the makeup of your like team today?

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

Um, so I have a creative services team.

So we do some of our creative in-house.

And to your point, I think, you know, we're hitting an inflection point where we want more creative, more versioning, and we're trying to figure out what tools can support that team.

And then I have what's like culinary and menu.

So we have a head chef, right?

And so we're constantly building out a pipeline of product innovation.

In our world, that is bagels and coffee &gt;&gt; and consume.

So, so does a is the head chef like a marketing function that reports into marketing?

&gt;&gt; Wow.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

And so, &gt;&gt; damn, we need that in our world.

Let's make the CTO, let's have all the product organization report into marketing.

That's what I like.

&gt;&gt; So, yeah, he gets to dream up all the fun stuff.

And then, you know, we have a marketing team that supports him from uh like research and and guest validation.

We'll throw things into a test and and see how it performs and scale from there.

um loyalty, you know, life cycle marketing, um social, uh who am I missing?

Um I feel like those are kind of the primary functions within my team.

Yeah.

&gt;&gt; And then like how do you do do you think about splitting the work?

Like social would be a good example of that.

Like there's like the micro level of social, which is like we're running targeted ads to people in those certain geos around those stores.

But then there's like the macro brand level.

We're creating fun, compelling, engaging content at at the at the brand level.

Do you does each team like do you do you split those that that type of thinking?

&gt;&gt; I wish I had the resources to do that, but I don't.

And so it is really &gt;&gt; that's the reality, right?

And so it's about getting clever in terms of like how how can we tap into external partners to help us to do those things best.

it's hard to do all of those things well internally.

Um, and so it really part of joining this organization has been like building out an ecosystem of partners that we can kind of plug in and um that scale with us as as needed.

&gt;&gt; One thought that I I want to see if I could validate with you just get your opinion.

You've you've worked at, you know, you've held marketing leadership roles around across a bunch of different brands in restaurant marketing.

I've been saying this thing lately that like I think that everything in marketing does work or has worked or or someone has an example for every because everyone right now is like everything is dead but then everyone's like no outbound does work for us, email does work, ABM works.

My view on marketing is like that every company has different ingredients.

&gt;&gt; Uhhuh.

&gt;&gt; And so you you just saying like I wish I had those resources.

I just I love guard rails in marketing like so like yeah no we can't do that.

I don't like when I don't like when you you could do a thousand things.

I like being told like, "Nope, we can't actually we don't have the budget.

We actually can attract A+ talent right now.

We kind of have to build a team of like maybe undrafted free agents or like C players that we're going to train into A players." Have you Have you seen that across their companies where like every every brand is different, the founder is different, the market is different, the fun job in marketing is figuring out like what which recipe can I make with these ingredients?

&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh.

Yeah.

I think, you know, probably one of my earliest mistakes is thinking that you can just take a playbook from one company and apply it to the next.

And what I've had to learn from moving to organizations, &gt;&gt; where did you what was the example there?

What did you learn?

&gt;&gt; I went from Taco Bell to Burger King.

And Taco Bell, you know, I think I was just naive and I'm like Taco Bell is a fantastic place to work.

um so guest obsessed, excellent processes and frameworks and so I joined Burger King was really brought there to bring some of that thinking to um to Burger King.

But you don't just like say hey here's how we did it elsewhere and and all of a sudden everybody just agrees and starts working that way.

And so I've I've hit a lot of roadblocks in terms of like well if the team has not grown up in that culture like can they apply those learnings you know so um so that was a journey of like do we have the right people in the right seats if this is truly like where we want to take this brand and other things that were different about those businesses is that Taco Bell is built off of LTO's to your point like nuggets right like every six weeks you're launching something so that's a whole different muscle in terms of your like rapid iteration failing fast like it it's it's cultural it it it touches &gt;&gt; that that's a that's embedded that that is the brand that's a part of the brand that is how they operate &gt;&gt; is in their DNA right and then I joined an organization that and I and I realized oh actually we need to do the exact opposite here which is like we actually just need to sell the whopper we need to focus on the core there was like core equities that had been forgotten about because we were getting distracted with other LTO's but Taco Bell is the interesting choice voice it.

People choose it because they want a departure from burgers and fries.

And so people expect that brand to be bringing like what's the fun way that they're using those same five ingredients differently.

And what actually the Whopper was built on was for many years the b the Whopper was like the number one burger in America.

For all I know, it could still be.

And so it was about like actually we just need to remind people that they love that.

So you may have heard the jingle.

That was like some of the work that came out of um that insight in recent years.

So uh it took me a while to realize like you know you don't just take what worked elsewhere.

You got to take a beat and figure out is that right for the brand the consumer and even just the culture of how people there work the DNA of the organization.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

You um you asked about you you mentioned this phrase like guest guest experience and it's my podcast.

I can ask whatever I want.

Right.

Uh my experience as a consumer I've always wanted to ask someone like you this.

Do does the market do you own like the instore experience?

Because here's an example, right?

I see an ad for Chipotle and my daughter was she's eight and she was just commenting this.

We were watching the Super Bowl and she's like, "Dad, that's not what Chipotle looks like in real life." You know, like the way the food looks on the commercial.

And you could probably say this about about any brand.

There are some places that do a great job.

My my friends and I growing up, we used to play basketball, go work out, and we go to this one Subway.

And the one Subway we went to was amazing.

That Subway was better than the other Subway because I don't know, maybe their model is franchise owned and the person who owned that like it was better.

But I go to a random Chipotle here in Vermont and it like sucks and the food sucks and it kind of stinks in there and it's messy.

That impacts the whole brand reputation.

Does does Mark do you own that in some way?

How do you and how do you control that?

And doesn't that make you un like the marketers that listen to this show, we don't have to deal with that.

we don't have to actually deal with people walking into our store and like getting a plate of slop like &gt;&gt; right I don't own it I have an operations team that owns it and so we work really closely together but the great thing is there are lots of tools for us to have really constructive conversations around that experience the number one being one being Google reviews so one thing that you should knowing marketing what was that &gt;&gt; I said that's an amazing source of truth for both sides right &gt;&gt; and so if you've ever left a review, I guarantee you people are in a room, reading those reviews, talking about it, figuring out how we're going to do something differently.

And so at scale, you start to see themes, right?

It's just like any other data point.

What are your average fivestar reviews?

How is that trend or what are your average reviews?

How is that trending?

leveraging AI to extract themes and using that to partner with ops to say, you know, we will we will never deliver an experience that from a marketing standpoint that exceeds the instore experience.

So, we always want to make sure that we're not driving people into a store that can't live up to that experience.

So, we work very closely together to try and make sure that we are creating a seamless, consistent experience at every single location.

And there are a lot of variables to your point.

There's franchise versus company own.

Maybe the GM, you know, quit.

Maybe three people didn't show up today.

The truck didn't show up with the bagel, right?

Whatever the case may be with the dough.

So, anyways, yes, that is &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's so grass is always greener.

Like, you know, we we just most of the people are listening, we're dealing with software, you know, it's like you you you got a lot of people.

There's a lot more people people challenges in your in your industry, right?

just different different challenges but felt the same really.

&gt;&gt; Um what else before we wrap?

Anything that I should have asked you or you want to like riff on before we sign off?

And I'm not meaning to rush you off, but I just I found that this is often a helpful question for someone that I, you know, didn't know before.

Like what's something I should have talked to you about?

&gt;&gt; Well, I'm curious what your relationship is with bagels.

Like what's your order?

I'm going to take an advantage for like a focus.

&gt;&gt; All right, I got you.

This is great.

This is exciting because uh you know we need more we need more personality personal driven content.

So my there is a fantastic bagel place here in Vermont low in the town that I live locally owned business uh Burlington Burlington Bagel Burlington Bagel Bakery the triple B tripleB and uh there's maybe I think there's two locations here and what they do well so first I'll tell you everything uh cuz I actually love this restaurant and I use it as an example so many places have gone to postco I I personal op I think and that's that's nobody's fault It's impossible.

Like everything's expensive.

It must be, you know, talent, retention, all that is like a whole world that I can't imagine.

So, I'm not I'm not like I say this with no judgment.

It's just like I feel like the quality of a lot of these, you know, quick serve, what what do you call them?

Fast like fast casual like &gt;&gt; casuals, QSRs.

Yeah.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

I feel like the quality of them has gone down.

This place though, even if there's a line out the door, you're going to get your food in 10 minutes.

They got they got like a bunch of college like younger healthylook smiling college people.

Like it matters a lot when you step in the door.

Hey hey hey are are you are you been helped right now?

Like I feel like there's a the customer service aspect of it is is great.

And um my go-to order is and this is also at Bugers.

My bagel is that the cheddar I like the cheddar jalapeno bagel.

&gt;&gt; I'll get a sausage, egg, and cheese on a cheddar jalapeno bagel or maybe a cheddar dill.

They have a triple B, which is what they call it.

Comes with a egg and a hash brown.

That's That's always I'm never My wife is more of the like if you go to the bagel place, get me a everything with veggie, cream cheese.

I want a That's a snack to me.

I want a meal.

I want the I need a sausage, egg, and cheese, bacon, egg, and cheese.

That that type of thing.

And then I'm usually going to get a coffee on the way out.

And that's a great way to to start the day.

Big big bagel fan.

&gt;&gt; Okay.

Well, if you ever chat with their team, I encourage you to ask them a little bit about like their their tech challenges because it's an interesting it's an interesting space, especially as a small operator, how much they have to leverage these martekch tools when they really just want to be making bagels would be my guess.

So, &gt;&gt; I know, but I think about this, this is my sick mind as a marketer and just operator.

Like I do think about a lot of the small businesses particularly in the restaurant world just areas where technology could could help but it's also this it must feel like this neverending thing because it's like yeah you got to be up at 3 in the morning making the bagels like you don't have time to like yeah sure marketing guy like Claude would be great but like I got to make sure we have enough cheddar jalapeno bagels today or the the bald pod bald guy podcast host is going to leave me a bad Google review.

Like &gt;&gt; that's the reality of it.

I know, but think about like they who knows how they're doing their inventory of deciding like how many cheddar jalapeno bagels they're going to make for the day.

Are they doing that off of the back of some guy who's been there 30 years and just intuitively knows we sell more of them on Saturdays than we do on Mondays?

Like, you know, just like, &gt;&gt; you know, we could have a whole another 30 minutes just &gt;&gt; that, right?

So, so you're saying like that could be a simple data driven like could we could I just get like a CSV of the bagel orders from today and could we just look at that week over week or are we even doing that?

We don't know.

anything if you could if you could wave a magic wand and and solve or if I if I could give you one if I was the marketing genie you had to rub my my bald head and I could give you one marketing wish to what would it be?

&gt;&gt; My goodness.

Um, &gt;&gt; and let's say at at in your role right now as a as a CMO, &gt;&gt; I mean really at integrations, it sounds so technical, but I'm surprised how many things could be operated more seamlessly if we could just figure out how to get different systems to talk to each other.

&gt;&gt; Isn't that Isn't that kind of what they're pitching with AC with with AI and like MCPs and like all this stuff is like could we have all of this stuff talk to each other and then we can run our business on top of that layer?

optimistic.

I feel like it's going to happen, but I'm anxious for it.

&gt;&gt; All right, Jessica Serrano, thank you so much for coming and hanging out with me.

Oh, by the way, I didn't ask you the one question on your LinkedIn.

Um, you're sitting with you're sitting interviewing Gary Vee in like a a ferris wheel or something like that or is that a like a cabana?

Where what's the story there?

&gt;&gt; That was a yacht.

Um, that was at &gt;&gt; Oh, excuse me.

Sorry.

How dare I suggest &gt;&gt; not my yacht.

It was the Vayner.

&gt;&gt; The Vayner yacht.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

I know that was at Possible this um conference that happens every year in April in Miami and and I was living in Miami at the time so it's actually not far from my home but um yeah I had an opportunity to sit down and and talk to Gary Vee which was fun because I think he he has some good provocations around the role of social you know I think the biggest thing that um he challenges me to think is if it has not gone viral organically you should not be putting paid behind it &gt;&gt; this is I don't care how people feel that some people don't like Gary because of the way he speaks, but if you listen to the things he says, that is so true.

Especially in this era, like do you know what they would have k like the the era of like the 1950 1960s mad men?

Like to be able to have everything organic first and then be able to like have you have you seen his example of the Mirillax video that they did?

&gt;&gt; I haven't.

&gt;&gt; Okay.

I don't know why you would have.

Sorry.

You're like, "Yeah, I love that ad.

That's my favorite ad." But they made a, you know, they just made a he just had people in his office make an organic like it was like roommates and like there's a whiteboard on the fridge and it was like poop chart and like you know Dave had like pooped three more times than everyone else and the secret was like mirax but he was like that ad took someone on my team like we made that video organically in like you know 1 minute posted it organically it popped off and so then the next step there was like yeah let's let's run this ad paid we do this now with LinkedIn for us is huge because of B2B and targeting and so basically We we do everything through my personal page.

Like I'll write a post and then we will then turn that post into paid because of the thought leadership ad which just runs that.

So I love that.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

I mean that's a wish is I I wish that more social marketers had the courage to just throw stuff out there.

I think there's so an instinct towards curation an old instinct and it's like just throw it out there.

Do bad stuff.

Do you're not going to know what's good unless you're like at a high level of volume.

So, you know, easier said than done, but &gt;&gt; are do you all are is your team all remote?

&gt;&gt; No, we are based in Denver.

Yeah.

So, we're &gt;&gt; in Denver.

Do you live in Denver?

You live in Denver?

&gt;&gt; I moved to Denver for this job.

Yeah.

And &gt;&gt; I think with restaurants there's, you know, we figured out how to work remotely for many years, but at some point when you're eating food, you got to like be in a place where you can get in the kitchen together.

So, um &gt;&gt; Well, that's what I was going to say like that's the most amazing ingredient for in content, isn't it?

Like &gt;&gt; Yeah.

Just honestly, the the best content is in the bakeries.

It's in the restaurants.

It's like, let's not sell you like, you know, food styled food on a plate.

Like, let's come with me at 4 a.m.

to go and bake these bagels, you know?

So, um, still early on that journey of of evolving that content, but had a lot of success with that at Dig in.

And I think that's where content is going, right?

People want to see the behind the scenes.

They don't want to see the overly manufactured stuff.

&gt;&gt; I think that's going to be even more true now with AI.

I was ranting on this this morning.

Like there's this, you know, the whole like dead internet theory.

&gt;&gt; Yes.

&gt;&gt; Like if all the comments are AI, if all the images are fake, if all the images are stock photos, like what?

Who do you believe?

&gt;&gt; I know.

We come full circle to the Neo Post.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

Oh my god, that's amazing.

Yeah.

All right, Jessica Serrano, thank you so much.

&gt;&gt; When you, you know, when how do you feel about answering machines in today's day and age?

so real.

It's so true.

Thank you for sharing your your thoughts.

&gt;&gt; I I I'm I'm so sick of love songs, honestly.

Uh I'm happy.

I I don't need them anymore.

I'm happily in love.

I'm married.

I got kids.

I don't need I don't need Neo anymore.

That was the important part.

You know, &gt;&gt; the Bad Bunny.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, we cu some Bad Bunny.

Yeah, that's right.

That's where that's where we started.

Uh on the real talk about answering machines though, my kids, we got a landline.

The landline is back.

The landline is back.

I am long landline.

They keep asking me to use my phone to FaceTime a friend.

I'm like, look, I'm not respectfully.

I'm not texting that guy to ask if you could FaceTime this dad through my phone.

And so like the landline has a purpose.

You need to call someone's house.

&gt;&gt; The feeling of calling someone's house and being like, "Oh my god, the dad.

Oh, please don't." &gt;&gt; Exactly.

Everybody needs to know the fear, especially talk about B2B sales.

You know, you want to go You need to know the fear of having to talk to my my dad to get to me.

I think that's a long one.

&gt;&gt; I'm all set with that if I never have to experience that again.

Exactly.

You're like, "Please don't answer.

Please don't answer.

Please." I would just hang up.

I would hang up.

If you I would Please Please let her answer.

Please let her answer.

&gt;&gt; I had a terrifying dad.

So, I feel like not enough people know that feeling.

&gt;&gt; I I Yes.

I I I could only wish to be that uh because I'm sure it was very helpful.

Uh Jessica Serrano, you rock.

Uh find find her on LinkedIn.

Uh, we'll I want you to send her lots of notes and I want her to be like, "Man, you actually do have people that listen to your podcast." &gt;&gt; Send me lyrics.

&gt;&gt; Find her.

&gt;&gt; Send her lyrics.

Send her notes.

Bad Bunny, Neo.

You can, you know, share stories about intimidating fathers.

Whatever you want.

Great to have you on the pod.

I hope I'll see you again at some point.

Thanks for coming and doing this.

Yeah.