Author: Michel Lieben
Source File: How I turned 24 employees into LinkedIn influencers (Nobody teaches this!)_d-gqMuvDQFQ.en.vtt

WEBVTT Kind: captions Language: en Most companies bet their entire LinkedIn strategy on the founder.

I did something different.

I turned 24 employees into LinkedIn influencers.

Combined, we grew to over $250,000 plus followers, but also managed to sign 27 new clients in 85 days, which generated $151,000 per month in new revenue.

And prospects would keep telling us, "We see you guys everywhere." So, in this video, I'll show the complete system including the one-on-one frameworks, the group training sessions, the competition, the hiring criterias that turn regular team members into consistent LinkedIn ambassadors so that your team can be everywhere instead of just youing.

So, let's jump in.

So, first, why do so?

In the first place, let me share some numbers.

In the span of 85 days, 24 people from my team published a combined 581 times on LinkedIn.

This generated a total of 43,000 reactions, 28,000 comments, and 34,000 new followers.

As I mentioned earlier, it led to signing 27 B2B agency clients, amounting to $151,000 in new monthly recurring revenue.

Second, I believe it's a huge win-win for your team.

they get the opportunity to grow their brand which is a precious asset they own and that will benefit them over the long term whatever they decide to pursue and so this makes working for your company transformational in ways beyond what they learn on the job for you it's a very cost effective way to send visitors to your website and I can tell you already it generates leads every single day third on top of that it showcases various blends of expertise and this is especially valuable for B2B agencies even our head of growth grew his audience to 19,000 plus followers and talks about ABM, LinkedIn ads and fin grew to 10,000 plus followers talking about AI agent building and and workflows.

Monica grew above 10k followers sharing her best call rights.

So, our head of service delivery, grew to 12K by giving pointers on how to scale internal operations at a growing B2B agency.

And Alex grew to 58,000 plus followers by sharing insight around systems, hiring, and leadership.

And finally, I got my own account by 65,000 plus followers by publishing growth playbooks, insights around go to market technologies, and sharing my fun journey.

The fourth point, all of this adds up to a combined posting volume that makes it impossible not to come across your company on LinkedIn.

So if you are to ask our sales team, they will tell you one prospect out of at the very least right out tells them we see you guys everywhere.

So how to do so?

Now, ensuring that your team post and making sure their content performs isn't as simple as just telling them to start posting and hoping they'll figure it out.

So, here's how I did it and what I recommend you to do as well.

First, I incentivized my team to post.

When I first realized how powerful LinkedIn was for lead generation, I figured that more people from my team posting could mean even more leads.

At the time, there were only seven or eight people in my team.

And so, I launched challenge with these simple rules.

Whoever had the most post above 20 likes during the quarter would get a $1,000 prize.

I didn't think much about it, but three months later, it gen it it had generated 4 million plus combined impressions and was directly responsible for 80,000 plus dollars in new monthly recurring revenue.

All that from a $1,000 prize competition.

So the next quarter I did it again with bigger prizes.

And we repeated this competition quarter after quarter.

And for the last one, we came up with a scoring system based on engagement and follower growth with the opportunity to gain for the first person $5,000, for the runner up 2.5K, for the third place 1.5K, and for the fourth place $1,000, but then we also gave away 500 bucks for every person from the team that published 20 plus times over the quarter.

Second, you need to make it as effortless as possible to post for everyone involved.

Because here's the thing about LinkedIn.

To make a post perform great, you need a combination of a proven angle or a great idea, an attention grabbing hook, a well structured, breitable writing, a captivating visual, and you don't need this all, but the more the most likely your post will outperform.

So, to make a LinkedIn account performs great, you need to do all of the above several times a week, ideally over three times per week.

And it's essential to stay consistent at all costs.

And as you can guess, making good content takes time.

And most of your team members have a full-time job that doesn't include LinkedIn in their job responsibilities.

So I like to save as much time as possible for my team.

So I encourage my team to reuse my high performing post as well as proven topic angles.

The idea is that it will help them stay consistent and once they get used to likes, follower growth, and compliments in the DM, it will motivate them to spend more time creating content.

But most importantly, we put designers at their disposal because adding nice visuals, whether it's a image, carousel, video, has a huge impact on post performance.

But doing this takes time.

And so hiring a good designer means that your teammates will have nice visuals to accompany their post.

But they will be able to allocate most of their time on the writing bits nonetheless.

Which brings me to my next point.

Third point, it's one thing to make it easy to post for your team.

It's another to help your team become good at posting.

And yes, that means you need to invest resources training them.

Making this work requires many unscalable one-on-one sessions in which we had to plan content together, brainstorm ID, rewrite posts and hooks as well as scalable actions in which we run teamwide sessions to share best practices and we brought some big influencers like Clara Costa Pel to teach our team.

And as an example, Ian Falco had 4K followers and was struggling to crack 40 likes in the beginning.

After our first team session, his post already started hitting 150 plus likes consistently.

When I asked him what had changed, he said, "I just had one unlock from the session, and it was the only thing I was missing." It then grew from 4,000 to 19,000 plus followers.

That said, the easiest and best way to train your team is to show them what great looks like.

Because what I noticed is that the number one reason why people will spend time consistently posting weeks over weeks without ever improving is that they have no idea of what a great post looks like.

As in what's a post that performs on LinkedIn and that means they have no baseline to strive towards.

I'm going to explain to you how to constantly find great posts in your niche.

But first, let me break down the anatomy of a great post that performs well with one of mine has generated over 100,000 impressions.

So, first you need a proven angle or a great idea.

And I think the best way to illustrate that concept is to quote Mr.

Beast where he essentially describes that two people could spend the same amount of time making a video, but one of the two people they have a video that makes say 10,000 views while the second person has a video that makes 1 million views and that the main difference between these two people is that one had a much better idea, a much better angle.

So that means that spending time identifying IDs, spending time on content ideation is a very high error activity.

Think about it this way.

Imagine that you take a specific LinkedIn post ID and you will allocate one hour writing about it.

But let's say that in one instance, you know for a fact that if you talk about a very specific topic, you'll get 100,000 plus people interested in the video and will watch it.

And while if you talk about this other topic, you estimate that only 1,000 people will view it.

So there is like a 100x differential between these two ideas or angles which actually means that if you were to spend two three times more time or two three hours on the idea that you know for a fact generate 100,000 views you would still be spending less time per view writing the post than the other case in which you spent one hour writing.

So I'm going to give you a hack as to how to constantly find these pro IDs.

But here going back to the post, the angle for the post was to describe Lambly's textile as in what are the tools that power their SAS business.

And so in my opinion, the reason why this angle is so strong is that overall people are interested in software.

They want to know how they can use technology to be more productive or to sell more or to be more visible online, whatever that is.

But here, the egger isn't just saying, hey, these are tools you can use to accomplish X use case.

It's saying, "Hey, these are the tools that a company that makes over 30 million per year uses." So, this implies that if you run a tech company, you're getting some sort of peak or behind the scenes as to what sort of technologies you could use to help you get there.

Second, you need to provide depth and valuable insights.

Obviously, one of the reason why people will read the post and reshare it, engage with it, enjoy it, is because they learn something valuable.

That means that you need to share valuable insights and not hesitate to go in depth.

In this instance, the angle of the post some almost guarantees that the post will be valuable in the condition that it's actually well executed.

When I talked about how you would get a peak or behind the scenes around the technologies that power a 30 million plus year SAS, I didn't just give you a few tools.

I actually gave away the entire stack.

Third, you need an attention grabbing hook.

So, you need a hook that will grab your reader's attention because with LinkedIn, you need to think about things in this way.

People are browsing their feed and they don't see your entire post yet.

The only thing they see is the first two lines of the post.

So, you need to be able to write these two lines in a way that will make them curious to the point that they will want to click on the see more button because only then can they see the entire post.

So, that means that you need to spend some extra time thinking about what's the most essential part of your post or what's the thing you can say that will make people want to read this entire post.

And so in this case here I wrote Lamb list recently crossed 34 million in annual recurring revenue.

Here is every tool they use to run their SAS.

So what I did here is that I used a big revenue figure.

And the reason why I inputed these numbers is to answer the why should you care?

Because imagine if I say hey here are all of the tools that lame list uses.

In this case you would be like okay but who the is lame list right?

You don't know lamb list.

you've never heard of them or you could have heard of them, but that means that the only people interested in reading this post are the ones who know them list already.

So, I'm missing out on a lot of people.

And so, by adding this room figure, I ensure that the next thing I'm going to say about them, you will care about because way more people care about what a company making a lot of money does than a company that's basically broke.

So, the second line is here's every tool they use to win their SAS.

This is the best depiction of what you'll get from the post because the post essentially describes each of the tools they use and how they use them.

Next, you need a captivating visual.

So, let's go back to what I was describing around how when people are browsing LinkedIn, the only thing they see from your post is the first two lines of the post.

This is true if you don't add any visuals.

So, if it's a texton post, then they will only see the first two lines.

But if you had a big image and it's a vertical image where the format is 1050 * 1380 then they actually will see this image along with these two lines.

And the reason why it's especially important is that the combination of the twoline hook and the image will actually take up the entire space on the screen.

So that makes it way more difficult to enjoy your post.

But the beauty of adding the visuals is that if they are compelling enough, if they are aesthetically pleasing, they will stop the scroll as in people will want to look at them.

But then they actually also serve as a second hook.

Because remember what I said about those first two lines.

You can actually use the writing or the space you have in the image to write another title or another sort of subhook which will make people stop.

So you have way more real estate to make people stop on your post and read the rest of the post.

But the thing is that a nice visual can even serve as a post on its own.

So that's something that I see my friend Pierre Ariel do quite often where he will take a huge infographic that's very detailed and instead of actually writing something just write a one hook line and then post the image and it still performs super well.

So the image here is very important.

From what I'm seeing, it's two, three times up to 10 times the reach that you would have gotten if it were a texton only post.

So if you look at my content and my team's content, what you'll notice is that every post comes with a visual.

So the thing here is that if you want to scale this motion to your entire team, the best thing to do is to actually hire a full-time designer who will take care of creating all of these designs so that your team can focus on the writing bit.

they can focus on just sharing their insights and this ensures that their insights will be well packaged or accompanied by a nice visual.

Now going back to the post here what you can see is that it's an infographic that visually presents all of the tools that were mentioned by use case and that connects them together as in how the categories of tools interact with each other.

And so I think you'd admit that this is obviously much more appealing than if I had shared a listical of all of the tools just one by one without any visual effect.

Okay.

Next, you need some well structured readable writing.

You want to structure your post and make it breathable.

And this is self-explanatory, but just look at the post and look at how I'm using spacing emojis and formatting it.

Just imagine what if this had been just a huge blog of compact text without any spacing.

It wouldn't have been that easy to read, right?

Because it would have been tough to read.

Way fewer people would have wanted to read it, which means way fewer people would have spent some time on the post, engaging with the post, sharing the post, and so on and so on.

So, this concludes my third point on how to make your team good at posting.

But another thing that's very efficient is to equip your team with the right tools.

And there are a few tools that can be very helpful.

So for example, as you can see here, I'm not a native English speaker.

And something I like to use when I write is grammarly.

So that when I write, it just corrects my spelling in real time.

And so it ensures that I don't make too many mistakes on my LinkedIn post.

That's something you could do.

But then I'll say the most important category of tools relates to my previous points around how important it is to have a great idea or to have a great angle.

And this is where content ideation tools come in handy.

There are two tools that are great for that.

One tapio and tools scribe with tapio.

What you would essentially do is that you would simply input your keywords of choice.

So for example, you could be searching for AI gens lead generation GTM or any of the source of topic and they have this filter tab that allows you to filter for post that have had for example minimum 200 likes minimum 50 comments that were published within the last month and it were published by someone who didn't have too many followers.

That way it's actually a viral post that you would be seeing and once you do input all of its criteria they will show you a feed of viral post and proven content ideas that you can get inspiration from.

With Scrape it's exactly the same idea but what they have that is specific to them is that you can search by people.

So what you could do for example is search someone like my friend Pier Reel who has over 160,000 plus followers on LinkedIn and you would get a custom feed from all of his LinkedIn posts.

What's interesting is you can then filter for post that they've had at least 500 likes from a specific date range and you will get a feed of only his viral publications.

Next step, your team needs to want to grow their following because one of the easiest way to have many team members that grow on LinkedIn is to find people who are already motivated to grow their following.

And so here's what eventually happens.

If you have a dominant LinkedIn content motion, what will happen is that many new generers will hear from you first via LinkedIn.

So this is something that happened to us where for example Kenny discovered code like you from a post by Monica and so when he applied he actually had this idea in mind that he also wanted to post on LinkedIn and it was the opportunity that she'd be working at like you to learn our ways of doing B2B social media.

And so funny enough, he was actually publishing straight from his second day working with us.

He started at around 1,000 followers, I think 10 months ago, and now he's about to reach 10,000.

Sixth, if you want to make your LinkedIn motion successful, it needs to start at the top.

Over the past couple of years, I published well over 500 times.

Even during our LinkedIn competition challenge, in the span of 3 months, Alex, my business partner, had published 65 times.

and I had published 57 times within 80 days.

So when we talk about consistency, we actually walk the talk.

We lead by example because why would your team do something that you don't impose to yourself?

The other truth is that it's much easier to coach people if you're knowledgeable around the topic.

Because if you don't know anything about LinkedIn, then you have two alternatives.

You could hire someone like us, like Pubel, like Lara Costa to coach your team, which will cost you money.

or you could just take some extra time helping people yourself and that's actually much more cost effective.

Last point, and this is a good news, it actually gets easier with every person that manages to successfully grow.

We currently have seven team members with over 10,000 plus followers.

Myself above 65,000, Alex above 57,000, Ian above 19,000, above 16,000, so Monica and Kenny above 10,000.

And so what happens is that every successful internal audience growth builds conviction for the rest of the team that they can make it happen as well.

So that was it for today.

I'm actually pretty convinced that we'll see more and more of this employeeled motion and many B2B content success stories in 2026.

And if you plan to be one of them, then I wish you good luck.