Author: Tyler Denk
Source File: If I Had to Blow Up My LinkedIn as Fast as I Could, Here's What I'd Do_6d_oxo1R9gs.en.vtt

WEBVTT Kind: captions Language: en This is Tyler Dank.

He's built one of the fastest growing creator platforms, Beehive, to more than 30 million in revenue [music] in its fourth year, and he's sharing his entire playbook on LinkedIn.

Tyler has all the ingredients for massive content [music] success.

He posts nearly every single day, writes incredibly well, and has a series of viral posts that prove that he's on the right track.

And today, he's got a massive opportunity to go from 58,000 [music] followers to over 100,000 followers before 2026 ends.

All he needs is the right strategy so he can position himself as the authority in his niche, post high performing content consistently and start winning on [music] LinkedIn.

And I'm Lara Costa.

I built multiple six and seven figureure businesses through content and growing my personal brand on LinkedIn to 300,000 followers while scaling [music] those businesses.

So, I understand exactly how to help Tyler.

Now, [music] I spent 3 days analyzing every aspect of Tyler's content strategy and figured out that he needs a databacked winning format engine that he can repeat on demand.

He also needs a signature style post series to put Sporal posting to rest.

My plan is simple.

Take Tyler's proven winning patterns, systematize them into repeatable frameworks, [music] and build him as the most influential founder on the platform.

So Tyler, welcome to the channel.

Today we are going to see exactly how we can get you from 50K to 100K in record time.

Now why do you want to dominate on LinkedIn?

&gt;&gt; Yeah, for me I think it's a few different things.

I think the content that I create falls into a few different buckets.

One is founderled content and so building trust with my audience as I build beehive.

Two is just becoming a subject matter expert in entrepreneurship and email in the creator economy.

And three is there is no three.

or so some combination between one and two tail.

At the end of the day, I am one of the co-founder and CEO of Beehive.

And my ultimate goal is to build Beehive into a massively successful company.

So I would view LinkedIn as a top offunnel channel to win customers and loyalty with my audience.

&gt;&gt; And how many followers do you have on X?

&gt;&gt; About 40,000.

&gt;&gt; So yeah, 40,000 and then 50.

You actually have more followers on LinkedIn than X.

That's crazy.

But you have more engagement on X.

&gt;&gt; I don't know.

It's hard to say.

I I get more engagement per post on LinkedIn.

I think every time I post on LinkedIn, I guess we'll say this in a minute, I typically get at least 50 likes or so.

I don't know if likes are the right measurement.

And I also don't know if you're laughing because that's not very much, but uh &gt;&gt; yeah, I don't know.

Um &gt;&gt; so I actually analyzed over 200 of your posts from the last 365 days.

Okay.

And I actually noticed a few things and I'm going to break them down to you.

So right now I would categorize you as a level four for creator.

This means that you have the credibility.

Okay, so we have the C, you have the positioning, and you have social proof, which is essentially everything you need to get to level five, which is like the final boss stage.

So, there's five levels of LinkedIn creators.

Level one is complete beginner, so you're at zero and you're trying to get your first thousand.

Level two is you're like an intermediate.

You're trying to get your first 10,000 followers, but you're still kind of like struggling with content ideas, testing out, you don't even have a business.

Then once you nail that and you've created content for a few times, you get to level three where it's like you're posting consistently, you know your niche a little bit and now you're seeing some traction.

But now level four, exactly where you are is you have the traction, you have the credibility as well, but now we need the consistency, which is what we miss with you when it comes to content.

Because what I analyzed is you have really good high performers.

So like I actually put 20 that are within 2,000 and beyond 100 like mark but then the rest were quite sporadic.

So there were either product features updates etc.

And so I noticed a pattern between your 20 top performer ones that we can actually use to magnify that.

Okay.

So all your top performers look like this.

Can you see anything that you think is consistent between all of these posts?

&gt;&gt; Uh they all have an image.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

What else?

Anything else?

Um, they all crushed it.

&gt;&gt; Yes.

&gt;&gt; Um, what what am I missing here?

So, I guess the two categories that jump out to me are milestone based.

So, the MR ones that's an accomplishment.

I think LinkedIn enjoys and celebrates other founders or or business owners that have hit different milestones and achievements.

And then the other one that jumps so two others jump out the personal story.

So, right as I have posted over the past few years while building the business, I have built a persona of like a founder content creator I suppose.

And so the selfie with like me talking about burnout, it's career adjacent with talking about burnout and work and life um but also personal.

And I think the bottom one around email is dead is like really flexing an expertise in understanding the industry and becoming more of a thought leader in that space.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly.

So what I deducted from this is like you have a heavy use of numbers and proof which is important for LinkedIn to position you as an authority.

than the personality post like this one about burnout.

It just it's a total addressable market thing.

So anyone whether they are an email guy, whether they're interested in email or not, they can relate to you and then that could be a funnel for them to finding you then finding out what you do and then being like, "Oh, he's talking about email.

Let me listen to him because I already like him." And then the last thing, the last two things is when you work about remote work or layoffs, it also kind of works because again, it's to total addressable market content.

And this is such important part of LinkedIn content.

Like content on LinkedIn is essentially like a funnel.

You need total addressable market content so people can find you.

Then growth content and niche content which you have done incredibly well.

And the last one that I really like from you is you hijack narratives and you have contrarian takes.

So you are known in the industry for having an enemy quite loudly and so using that on LinkedIn actually works incredibly well for you.

Just not overdoing it.

Okay.

Now, the best part about where you are right now is that we already have literal templates that we can rinse and repeat just based on different topics.

And so today, my only job is to show you how you can continue that every single week without you thinking, okay, what am I going to post about today, right?

So, what we're going to focus on next is data level back to winning format engines, repetitive signature style posts, so we can do less sporadic posting and then broad personality posts.

And then what we're going to stop doing is generic figure uh updates and office and hiring post without structure.

So everything that you've spoken about on your LinkedIn, you can actually templatize and create a high performing post with the same exact topic.

We just need a little bit more structure.

So where people get stuck is that once they post a viral format, they don't repeat it enough.

And what I think about brand and series is that you need to be repetitive in your messaging.

So how do we repeat this consistently?

Obviously, not every single week you're going to be hitting a milestone.

How can we make every single thing you do a milestone like post?

So, we're going to go and use the clear swipe file here.

I'm going to add this to my swipe file.

And then what this is going to do is going to allow me to templatize your post that you already wrote in your own person style.

So, like what are the top things that you've done over the last two weeks?

So, you were in London.

You're in London right now for what for the Google event?

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

So, we hosted an event with Google and then we also had dinners with a bunch of users and creators in the UK.

So yeah, brought a bunch of the team out here this week.

&gt;&gt; Okay.

What else &gt;&gt; about London specifically or just in general?

&gt;&gt; So you dropped the product.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

Yeah.

So we just launched a new product yesterday as well.

It's a new media library and so you can actually edit assets directly in Beehive.

Now we also launched Giddy Images and some other asset like aggregators of sorts.

So a steady drip of new features.

And &gt;&gt; and you did your launch as well, your Apple like launch, the video that you did for um you launched something else like it was a massive product update where it was like very steep jobs like &gt;&gt; Oh yeah.

Yeah.

So that was a few months ago, but yeah, we did a winter release event in November where we launched 10 features including digital products where we just launched a few minutes ago.

&gt;&gt; So we have those two posts and we have all of these new things that we can talk about.

So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go into Cleo, use this as a swipe, and let's say, please look at exactly how this post was written, and give me 10 ideas for my next post based on this exact template.

So, let's say we want to talk about uh flying to London to speak in front of how many people do you think?

&gt;&gt; We had about 300 people there yesterday.

It's unfortunate you couldn't make it, but I saw again.

I was there after very people and you spoke about &gt;&gt; the importance of owning your audience and owning the distribution and then I also gave a overview of how I scaled my newsletter to 100,000 readers.

&gt;&gt; Also launched 10 new features for beehive including digital products which help users &gt;&gt; launch and sell anything from ebooks, templates, guides and sessions.

&gt;&gt; Very cool.

So from here we have the just the basis.

So ideally every single week instead of trying to start post and thinking about what what to write.

You just literally give clear the updates on what you're actually doing cuz you're a founder creator.

You're not you don't necessarily need to be capped at educator and you need to break down.

You just need to learn how to talk about what you're doing vingible attention way where people want to listen to it rather than just updating.

So obviously this is based on my own knowledge base because I'm using my own cleo but for you when you have it you have it already set it will say about it will talk about you.

So it would say behub just hit over 20 million active users but most creators are still struggling.

So that's one idea.

Then your business just hit 1 million revenue.

So immediately we have different ideas on how you can templatize the exact post I went borrow and talk about different things.

So here we're talking about product course etc.

Your personal brand how much money you're making all of these things.

So let's say for your email list we can say my email list just crossed over 100,000 subscribers.

So we have that.

It's writing it exactly like how you wrote it.

you know, we have one new post ready to go.

So, if you're able to do this three times a week, we will be able to gain between a thousand to 10,000 followers every single week just based on three posts rather than having to sporadically post product updates.

We are kind of like centralizing the content as to authority and personalization so it can grow faster.

And so, we're just going to wait and see what &gt;&gt; we'll let we'll let Cleo cook right here.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

Any questions so far?

&gt;&gt; No, this is great.

&gt;&gt; Quick one.

If you are enjoying this breakdown with Tyler and [music] I, please subscribe to the channel.

I bet him that I could grow to 100,000 followers on YouTube before he hit 100,000 followers on LinkedIn.

And I'd love to beat him.

And it also helps me get more guests into the channel and even more of you so I can break down your brand and how [music] to win as well.

Let's get back into the video.

So, let's go back a little bit.

Where do you think you would struggle to actually have this as a mechanism for your puzzle brand?

Yeah, I think where I struggle the most is if you go back to the board of all of my different posts.

I think the one that would perform reliably the best is the email is dead format.

Yeah.

Not just the format, but the fact that it is actually me being positioned as a thought leader and trying to educate the market.

It also has a bit of like a contrarian take to it.

So, I think it couples both contrarian take and educating people about email and its importance.

Yeah.

But I also think that those are the most time consuming posts to write personally.

Um so I think that's where Cleo could be extremely helpful.

&gt;&gt; So what other contrarian views do you have?

Like obviously yes everybody thinks email is dead.

Anything else that you've seen in the market that people think about email?

&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I think the fact that remote work is superior than in-person work to build a company is fairly contrarian and something that I believe as well.

&gt;&gt; Well, you don't believe in remote work?

&gt;&gt; No, I do believe in remote work.

I think remote companies are much better than companies that are in person.

&gt;&gt; Oh yeah, 100%.

You used to work in an office as well, right?

&gt;&gt; Yeah, way back when.

&gt;&gt; So, we can do that as well.

So, I'm going to say that as well.

Did you just click to write this?

&gt;&gt; I did.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, I could tell.

I love And it did so well.

&gt;&gt; It is one of my best performing posts for sure.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, I remember.

All right, cool.

So, we have the fast post and obviously my email list just crossed over 100,000 subscribers, but most creators are still ignoring email entirely.

This is literally based on the post that we just saw from you.

And so that is going to literally cut the hours spent writing into less than two minutes.

All you need to do is kind of like proofread it, add some relevant insights that you know the AI wouldn't know and you post it.

&gt;&gt; So to reiterate, take my best performing post that consistently have some sort of format, feed it to Cleo, update Cleo with other milestones or things that would be relevant to create a new post and it basically keeps the format and rewrites the post with additional new content.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

So the key is find a format that works cuz you've already done the testing and iteration because you were like level one, level two, level three creator.

Then at level four, you have all these knowledge of the content that's already performed well.

So why not use that at scale?

The main problem that creators have and founders and entrepreneurs on LinkedIn is that they go viral once and then that's it.

They're like, "Oh, I can't use that format again." The reality is that once you find the winning format, you rinse and repeat it until it stops working and then you find another one.

And in that time, you would have found another one through testing and iterating.

So that's what I would do if I was you.

just use what works and then repeat it.

Because what happens with content and users and every single person that consumes social media is that they love repetition.

They love familiarity.

And so the key for you to get to 100K is that familiarity and trust.

Like they want to be like, "Oh, I know Tyler.

He's the guy that's always talking about email.

He's running and building his own business." And he's also kind of cool.

&gt;&gt; Pineapple just go.

Super cool.

All right.

Cool.

Now, let's do that again with the pose that you told us.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

Should we do the other contrary and take with this format, which would be that remote work is better than in-person work.

&gt;&gt; So, how many employees do you have?

&gt;&gt; 110 &gt;&gt; remote employees.

&gt;&gt; From all around the world.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'd say like 15 different countries.

&gt;&gt; And any other data you would be able to give us like maybe &gt;&gt; like maybe time zones.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

&gt;&gt; I don't know the answer to that though.

&gt;&gt; How about how productive your team is?

&gt;&gt; Yeah, productive as Actually, I think the credibility would be like we ship product faster than anyone else in the industry and so the product velocity I think is the output from our productivity.

&gt;&gt; So the key with Creo is to just give it a few more things to embed into the content otherwise it'll sound generic.

We need to add more personal insights so you can write us a nearly perfect end post.

You don't have to spend an hour editing it.

Instead you spend a few minutes.

So notable failures when it comes to remote work would be like hybrid working office building.

Yep.

&gt;&gt; So I would add that here's a reality and that's it.

So it's based on this viral post that you wrote but even better and that's it.

And I think what worked well for you is the use of specific numbers as well.

Yeah.

&gt;&gt; So when you go and write this again is using it here.

So 110 employees across different 15 countries etc.

And then what we need to bear in mind is that the image also allowed people to contextualize faster what you're talking about.

So if we can replicate this image we can actually do it today with Cleo.

But um Cleo now has an image generator so we can generate with the eye and we can add some references.

I'm going to upload the graphic that you created and it'll take a few minutes but it'll create a visual similar to that but about exactly what we're speaking about.

So by this point we had already created your templatized version of how you can create content that's viral, high performing and it's on topic and also showed you how easy it is to truly talk about anything with a system.

Okay.

The second thing is low friction repetitive signature style post.

So I highlighted here the ones that you also highlighted at the start which is the ones that are showing proof.

So like the graphs and also the ones that have your beautiful face in it.

&gt;&gt; Selfies work.

&gt;&gt; So the number one task that I would give you is one take more selfies and two be more personal.

The reason why this work and I think you should repeat it again is you need to talk about typical founder problems because you're leaning into that persona.

You're like a founder that's struggling like any other founder but you're still winning.

But we want to talk about the what happens when you're building such a large business like you have.

So we talk about burnout, we talk about remote work, we talk about productivity hacks that actually work for you and how you travel a lot and you still manage to be productive and anything else that you think comes to mind.

So realistically, I know you talked on maybe many podcasts or interviews.

So things that actually stand out to you, just write them down after so we can actually build that rapport with your audience because they actually do care.

The proof is there.

So why not repeat it?

So, I'm going to go look for this post and see how we can systematize it as well.

Yeah.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

No, I think that was my best performing post that I've ever had.

So, I agree.

&gt;&gt; And you wrote it with Cleo Clean.

That was And I chose a photo.

It's &gt;&gt; Oh, look.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, it looks great.

&gt;&gt; Sick.

This is what your call is as well.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

One that looks sick.

I actually don't think the format of like failing since is like the best for this one.

Or at least we could probably do like COVID or something else, but like the year format doesn't make sense.

But yeah, I think that that looks actually really cool.

&gt;&gt; I think it's Yeah, after that what you can do is then go and add more feedback so then it can create you something.

But like as a fast draft I can Yeah, that was really good.

&gt;&gt; Now we just found your repeatable framework for personality posts.

So what we're going to do is again add it to our swipe file and then I want ideas just like this but about panda struggles that address a total addressable market.

So let's keep it broad but within the founder entrepreneur niche.

So let's say uh remote work problems &gt;&gt; maybe like working alone like long hours by myself.

&gt;&gt; Being alone.

&gt;&gt; It's true.

I sit in my office 14 hours a day.

&gt;&gt; A day.

Uh how you quit coffee?

&gt;&gt; Sure did.

&gt;&gt; For a month.

&gt;&gt; No, for a year.

&gt;&gt; For a year.

Why?

&gt;&gt; I feel like I feel like that's a great post in itself of just like giving up coffee cuz everyone feels very opinionated about that.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

So you feel better now?

&gt;&gt; Feeling well at this very moment.

No, &gt;&gt; but typically yes.

&gt;&gt; Stand over today.

Uh okay.

So we have three and then every single thing that you experience can be turned into this gray post just based on the format that we have today.

And that's the beauty of templates.

That's the entire reason why we build clear off the back of templates and systems because we know that once something works, it can be repeated multiple times.

So one idea, I worked 14our days for 18 months straight.

for you would be more than that.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

More so I wish &gt;&gt; then my body forced me to stop.

And this is literally reciting kind of like exactly what you did here.

&gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; and then we're keeping it equally as short.

&gt;&gt; We go down to the coffee one.

That one looks like a banger potentially.

&gt;&gt; I quit coffee for a year.

The decision I made as a founder.

Okay, cool.

So we're going to take that in and then the next thing I think by now the point is going to be nearly perfect because it's just like so short and obvious.

And then we just need a good photo of you with &gt;&gt; not drinking coffee.

Yeah.

With maybe some new new tonic.

&gt;&gt; New tonic.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, of course.

Yeah, it does have caffeine for you.

But yeah, so basically good educational content that follows a format and then good uh storytelling founder content that tells your story and makes you someone that people want to root for.

The core of LinkedIn and what I've noticed after being on LinkedIn for 3 years is that if you don't build an audience that loves you at any point when the topic stops working, they'll go to someone else and you have all the credentials and you know the charisma etc.

and all the credibility for someone to root for you.

LinkedIn loves an underdog and you are not an underdog, but the idea of an underdog and rooting for you is still present.

I &gt;&gt; I think it's important actually that to turn yourself into an underdog as well because I guess we have had some success as a company, but we're still going up against dozens of much larger competitors in the space.

Some have been acquired for billions of dollars.

Many of them have many more users than we do.

Yeah.

&gt;&gt; Um so I do think and I think that's also kind of the benefit of the founder marketing.

A lot of these people have been following me since we had $2,000 in revenue and now we have 2 million in revenue a month.

And so that story arc and journey um and remaining humble throughout that experience and really showing personality I think helps a lot.

&gt;&gt; That can be a pose in itself as well.

So how often to talk about these things?

Do you do you get scared of talking about the same topic multiple times or no like this story style?

No, but I don't think I've created the muscle of I said something that is valuable to other people but has become second nature to me because I'm so deep into it to think for a second like I can turn this into content that other people would find value from.

&gt;&gt; I think even what you said right now can be turned into a story like I'm going against every single top competitor that has lots of funding and has been in the industry for years but in less than four we've been able to meet 80% of them.

Here's exactly how we did it.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly.

&gt;&gt; That's another post.

So as you can see literally from ideas to conversations anything can be turned into a post as long as we have a repeatable format and then that's it.

This is where people fail or win is knowing the difference between an idea and how to execute it.

But now we have the execution and yeah I think this could be a bang of for you.

So &gt;&gt; yeah that looks great.

I think people I think when I I've written a few newsletters about health as a founder which I think is another thing kind of like burnout where like mental health and even like physical health of like how I take care of myself while being quote unquote locked in and working so much and one of the most controversial things that people respond to is getting up on coffee.

So I think it's kind of like a great &gt;&gt; Why do people love coffee so much?

&gt;&gt; I have no idea but I guarantee you that post would pop off on like &gt;&gt; Okay, let's do it.

Let's do it.

We just created a viral post for Tyler and you'll post it tomorrow.

I'll send it to you.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, we're going to wait till next week because we better engagement on the end of the week, right?

&gt;&gt; Weekdays.

Yeah, that's true.

That is true.

What I would do after I'm going to try and make this a little bit shorter so the story kind of like just banks quickly like uh one and done.

With storytelling, there's two ways.

So you either make the story incredibly long, but it has to have every single open loop so people keep on reading.

Or we just keep it short, concise, and to the point so people stop, they like the hook, they like the photo, and then they want to read what's inside, which is exactly what you did for your burnout post here.

Yeah, that's why we're so short.

Okay, so we've covered how to get from level four to level five by using repeatable templates, by using uh storytelling, and by using numbers and revenue.

How many times are you posting on LinkedIn today?

&gt;&gt; I try to once a day during the week.

So, five times a week.

&gt;&gt; So, if we're going to post, let's say we want to have four key posts every single week.

So the other three, they can be your typical post that you're updating things on, but we're going to want to follow the templates.

So let's say you want to talk about your feature update for the digital products.

So we want to have a good hook that's less than eight words that also has specific outcome.

So instead of saying we just shipped a new feature on behive, we can say this new feature will make you a top 1% creator.

Or like if you want to make money as a creator fast, here's exactly how to do it in less than 20 minutes.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

instead of just like the updates.

The body of the post needs to have action steps and a call to engage.

So, this is what's going to make your post go from 100 likes to 800 plus likes every single time.

So, the call to engage is at the end of every single post, you encourage your audience to comment on it.

So, by the way, who here is a Beehive user?

Or by the way, who here wants to learn exactly how to build their news in less than 10 days?

So, we're kind of like giving people more chances to comment rather than them just being like, "Oh, that's a good post.

I'm going to like it." Comments, reposts, and saves are tactically and technically the things that actually push your post onto the algorithm.

So, we always want to push people to comment more.

&gt;&gt; How are the clever ways that you've seen cuz obviously when you do drop X in the comments and I will send you Y, it's kind of like a lead magnet thing, but that also gets overplayed a lot on LinkedIn.

So, like what are the other clever ways that you've been able to encourage comments on LinkedIn?

So we use the 3+ one 3+ one comment strategy.

So we have two posts.

We have your post here and we have posts on the feed, right?

So what you want to do is within your post, you want to drop three different comments yourself about different things.

So let's say this is about London and Beehive, right?

So then you want to drop a BTS pick of like a selfie.

It's like, hey, I just saw this person speak.

I love this.

And then it's like a two liner post with a photo.

Then this one is would be like like a tip.

So, education and then either another education or a BTS, whatever you have the resources for.

So, sometimes I don't have anything to say, so I just drop a bunch of like behind the scenes pictures.

So, like in my post on Monday, I'll be talking about personal branding, but then my BTS post will be about, hey, I just filmed a YouTube video with Tyler Denk.

Then, by the way, tip to write better emails would be use Beehive.

And then the other one would be here's how many coffees I drank while Tyler drank syrup.

&gt;&gt; Exactly.

Perfect.

And then these allow people to have a soft conversation within the post, making the post go from 100 to a thousand without having to work harder.

Okay, so that's one.

And then you're going to be doing the same for every single post you see on the feed for the next 30 minutes.

So you post fast, you comment all of these things, you reply to every single comment as well.

And then on the feed, you want to do the same.

So you want to drop at least one or two comments that give some insight.

So you're like maybe you see my post on puzzle branding and then you're like yeah building my puzzle brand has been the cheat code to actually growing my found business or whatever you think or maybe you're like no building a personal brand doesn't work this way.

&gt;&gt; And how important is it for you to reply to the comments that you're receiving on your post.

&gt;&gt; It's super important especially within the first 30 minutes.

So a hack that people don't really realize or they know about it but they don't want to believe it because it's a lot a lot more work is that people believe that you cannot control the algorithm which I agree but the only small chance that you get to controlling the algorithm is within the first 30 minutes of a post because like any algorithm the more comments you get faster the faster it gets pushed onto all the people's networks.

So here's how we are algorithm hacking without really doing anything else.

What are the other algorithm hacks that you recommend or or what are both algorithm hacks and things that you should never do on LinkedIn to hurt your reach?

&gt;&gt; Okay, so one thing that let me dispel some myths first.

So a common algorithm myth that people think is that you cannot post a link because it decrease your reach.

The only reason why it would decrease your reach is that if people are not clicking on that link.

So you need to make the link that you're sharing attractive.

So instead of saying join my newsletter here, you would say join over 100,000 people learning about email newsletters and founder companies here right now.

&gt;&gt; Is it overrated to say link in comments and move your link to the first comment versus having the link directly in the post?

&gt;&gt; If I had to drive traffic as fast as possible, I would always have it on my post because on the comments you're just depending whether people are going to actually go into the comments actually or not.

And before it was easier because LinkedIn had pinned comments.

You could actually pin the first comment but today you can't.

you're relying on like whether the comment ranks high or not.

So, if you want to drive traffic fast, then put it in your post.

But if you don't really care and you just want to have it there to like build some sort of like momentum or like awareness, then do drop it in the comments.

It just depends.

If I was you and I was trying to drive people to behive to subscribe, I would do that once a week within a post and then drop it on the comments for the other six post of the week.

&gt;&gt; Gotcha.

&gt;&gt; Any other algorithm hacks that you found that I found?

H.

So, it's not an algorithm hack, but it's definitely obvious.

It's I call it the tiktophication of LinkedIn where basically people respond better to images, not videos, images.

When you post videos, they perform kind of well, but they would perform better on YouTube or Instagram or even Tik Tok because it's a videoled platform.

On LinkedIn, we just want to use images.

So, let's say you want to drive traffic to your next behive update on YouTube.

What I would do instead of posting the the video, I would actually just post a photo of you behind the scenes filming the video that you posted on YouTube instead because that gives people more context faster than having to wait for you to say something on the video.

&gt;&gt; What type of images do you think perform the best?

Are there certain type of infographics, selfies, behind the scenes, or does it depend?

&gt;&gt; Images ranking.

Yeah, let's talk about this.

There are three different types that I see perform.

There is like personal photos, there are infographics, and there are screenshots.

For personal photos, if you're doing storytelling, an infographic won't perform well if the post is about you.

Then if it's an educational post, then these two work incredibly well.

And for you, cuz you do a lot of product updates, business updates, etc.

Screenshots of your MR or like how much beehive is growing would actually work.

Yeah, it it has to be context dependent and people need to understand the pattern.

Today in the attention economy that we have, people have become aware of what things match the context.

So think about okay, how can I give as much context to what I'm talking about as fast as possible.

So people actually click on read more.

If you're like we just raised 100 million for behave, then you can like show the news article.

But if it's like, oh, I'm burnt out and tired, just show a photo of you.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

Would you ever recommend posting without an image?

&gt;&gt; Actually, one of your top performing posts was actually text only.

So it depends on how strong the hook is.

If the hook is good, so you're talking about, you know, productivity is dead.

Here's what I actually think.

Then that is a controversial enough topic that you don't need an image for, but I'll always sort of like back it with an image just in case because sometimes we think that the hook is really strong, but in reality it's not and we just think we're good at writing.

&gt;&gt; Agreed.

&gt;&gt; Any other questions?

&gt;&gt; No more questions for me.

&gt;&gt; So I guess from your point of view, like what do you prefer?

What's easier for you?

Educating heavy or storytelling?

&gt;&gt; Storytelling.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

So, I think that if we just do one educational post a week, which is going to take the majority of your time writing, and then the other like five or six story storyled, then that would make it easier for you to stay consistent rather than having to think, no, no, I need to do three educational posts.

Just let's remove the friction and just do it once a week.

So you can be a top performer, very insightful, but it doesn't make you feel like, "Oh, I have to write more." Because right now, like you have all the tools in your tool stack to write incredible stories because people care about you.

And within those stories, you can still educate on email.

And this is the thing that people miss.

When you're telling a story, you can also talk about the journey of being a founder.

So like, I built a $30 million business in less than four years.

And it was all because I focused on email.

You know, if you're starting an email list this year, here's exactly what I would do.

He drops three different points and then you talk about this how I became a founder or something like that.

&gt;&gt; Are the creators that you think are crushing it the most on LinkedIn doing more story or more educational or does it depend on the type of career?

&gt;&gt; It just depends.

The market will allocate what they what it thinks you do best.

So when I started, I truly just wanted to be an educator cuz that's what I saw perform well.

But once I started talking about my story, I realized that the market just loved it when I talked about my journey.

For you, the market loves it when you do both.

And so you can be an a combination of an educator and a storyteller but pushing towards storytelling while educating.

So I have a a framework that I use all the time.

It's called slay.

Have you heard of it?

&gt;&gt; I have not heard of this actually.

&gt;&gt; The slay framework is to start with a story, lead with a lesson and then have actionable advice and you end with a use.

So it pass with everything that we spoke about before.

And actually Cleo is built on one of these frameworks.

So most of the post that Cleo writes always kind of like follow this criteria.

So the story would be like I spent six days in London and spoke to a hundred of our customers.

They all had one thing to say.

Email changed their business.

Something like that.

And then you can say like they monetize faster.

They build credibility.

And then you could say like 80% of them uh quit their 9 to5 or something that is relevant than that.

And then you can say this is the power email.

&gt;&gt; We love email &gt;&gt; email.

When are you building yours?

Building yours.

Okay.

&gt;&gt; It's a banger post.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

Literally copy paste put on to clear and then that's it.

Obviously it needs to be a little bit longer but that's the entire draft of it.

So that's how I think about post when it comes to telling my story so it can get attention but also telling someone else's story through my lens.

This how you master the art of the humble brag on LinkedIn.

&gt;&gt; Is that a art that you've mastered?

&gt;&gt; I think so.

Incredible.

&gt;&gt; You as well.

&gt;&gt; I think so.

&gt;&gt; You as well.

But it's like humble bag.

So it's like I'm not You're not saying, "Oh, I'm rich.

Look at me." It's like I &gt;&gt; I've never said those words.

You said those words a lot.

&gt;&gt; I've never said those words.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

So exactly why?

Like cuz you don't portray yourself as a rich person.

You portray yourself as someone that's building world at scale.

&gt;&gt; But if I wanted to do it humbly, I'd say I just recorded with Lara.

She said I was rich.

&gt;&gt; Yeah.

We've got it on camera as well.

&gt;&gt; There we go.

&gt;&gt; Well, that's it.

Tyler, thank you so much for coming on.

Thank you for helping me with my LinkedIn strategy.

&gt;&gt; My pleasure.

100K by the end of the year.

&gt;&gt; That's the goal.

And if you don't already follow me, sorry to leave you hanging there.

There we go.

Uh if you don't already follow me, help me get up to 100K and shoot me a follow on LinkedIn.

&gt;&gt; Tyler, if you want to grow your email newsletter and know everything about it, I love Beehive so much.

And yeah, &gt;&gt; thanks for having me.

&gt;&gt; Let's go.

Bye guys.