Author: Tommy Clark
Source File: If your LinkedIn posts get under 100 likes… do this_zMzPmTETIyU.en.vtt

WEBVTT Kind: captions Language: en If you're consistently posting on LinkedIn and your posts are stuck under a hundred likes, here are six things you could do to fix that.

I've built my own LinkedIn to over 45,000 followers.

My agency, Compound, manages content for over 30 B2B founders and we publish over 150 content assets per week.

And from all that experience, I've learned how to get more traction on your post than you've ever seen and pretty much get likes and engagement on demand.

So, by the end of this video, you'll have a clear framework to diagnose what's wrong with your content and actually start getting traction.

Now, the first principle here is you actually want to be careful about overoptimizing for engagement.

You see a lot of LinkedIn gurus and personal branding gurus try to tell you how to get more likes in your content when at the end of the day, what I always tell my clients is we're trying to get you customers, not make you a celebrity.

With that said, you need to get more distribution and the impressions and engagement on your content does matter, but you also need to be careful not to go so far in the direction of overoptimizing for likes, over optimizing for impressions that you lose the plot entirely on what you're actually trying to do on LinkedIn.

Cuz the easiest way to get more likes on LinkedIn is just make super hot takes that are broad and appeal to a wide variety of people.

But a lot of times that content isn't actually relevant to your business.

So you want to be careful about playing that game.

And for you to understand what good engagement looks like, you got to understand what space you're playing in.

So if you're in marketing tech or sales tech or targeting other founders, for example, all of those audiences are very active on LinkedIn.

They spend a lot of time on the platform and they also post and engage a lot on the platform.

So if you're selling to people in those categories, you're going to have an easier time getting a lot of likes and impressions on your content.

If you're selling into a more niche category like developer tools or procurement or it a lot of times those people while they're on LinkedIn there's less of them there and also the ones that are on the platform tend to lurk more than actually engage or post content.

So therefore the engagement on the content for those clients tends to be a bit lower especially for more niche specific topics.

Now the second way to get more engagement is include more photos with your content across the board.

If I look across our dozens and dozens of clients at Compound, the winning media format is in real life photos that are related to the copy of the post.

So, for example, if you're doing a team member highlight, you want to include a photo of you with that team member.

If you're doing an origin story post, you want to include a photo from the early days.

Having a real life photo is one of the best ways to increase engagement without changing anything else.

There are a few reasons why you want to include people in your photos.

One, think of them like YouTube thumbnails.

It's well known at this point that the YouTube thumbnails with someone's face in them tend to perform better.

something about it helps to stop the scroll and get people engaged.

Also, with the photos on the timeline, one of the reasons why they work so well to increase engagement is that they just take up more screen real estate and they can also serve as a second visual hook.

So, if those one to three lines in the text don't actually hook the viewer, you have another opportunity with the image that you use.

My recommendation for founders here is to turn your office into a set.

Especially if you're a tech company that works in person in San Francisco or New York, if you have an office, turn that office into a set.

Make sure you have your marketing person or even just someone on your team.

Take photos of you in meetings.

Take B-roll footage.

The more of a backlog you have of that stuff, the better off you're going to be.

The third tip I've got for you is to pair every take with a story.

The reality is in 2026 and going forward, value content alone is dead.

Five tips to XYZ not going to work.

The reason for this is that Claude and other AI tools have pretty much commoditized generic valueoriented content.

With the right prompt, you can produce a LinkedIn post that's pretty passible that is educational, but it can't replicate your stories.

AI cannot replicate your origin story or stories that you've picked up, an experience that you've picked up building your company or in your previous career.

So, you want to lean into those in your content.

And you can and should still do valueoriented content.

It's just very important that you pair those tips and those takes with unique stories.

So for example, if I was selling an AI tool to enterprise sales folks and I'm a founder, I had been an enterprise salesperson in my previous career.

Instead of doing a post on, hey, here's how to close your first enterprise deal, which is not a terrible hook.

Actually, how it would make that even stronger is pairing that valueoriented premise with a story.

So I might share the story of how I closed my first enterprise deal or even better mistakes that I made when trying to close enterprise deals as an enterprise salesperson.

Writing from your lived experience will always outperform sharing generic tips and tricks.

This has always been true, but in the past, it had been more of a luxury that only the best creators use the strategy.

Now, it's not a luxury.

You have to do this if you want a chance to stand out on a very crowded timeline.

Also, if you want to get a ton of engagement right away, what I'd recommend you do after watching this video is write up your origin story post.

Sharing the story of how and why you started your company if you haven't shared it already is a great way to get people engaged on LinkedIn.

This is consistently the highest performing piece of content that most of our clients post on their profile.

And we always start with this because it is such a high performing asset.

So if you haven't shared your origin story, do that.

And if you have, but it's been some time, consider reposting it.

Now, the origin story is actually only one of several post formats that we see work well consistently across our clients.

And I compiled a list of five of them with templates that you could use right away.

And I'm giving it away completely for free.

If you want access to those templates, just click the link in the description, enter your email, and I'll send them over to you.

We've used these to generate millions of impressions across our client accounts.

Now, fourth up on my list of how to troubleshoot low engagement is to stop filtering yourself.

If you're a founder, you're likely trying to play it safe on the timeline because you want to be careful not to alienate potential buyers.

You don't want to piss people off.

But if you look at a lot of the best creators on LinkedIn and the best founders who are content creators on LinkedIn, they're not afraid to be polarizing.

They share their real honest hot takes.

If you look through my account, I'm not afraid to share what I actually think because in the same way that value content is pretty much dead thanks to AI.

So are generic, sterile takes.

And if you're not going to actually share your real opinions, you're going to have a hard time standing out on the timeline.

And you're going to be stuck with two, three, four, maybe five likes on every post.

Whenever I share this advice, founders get nervous because they don't want to come across as overly dramatic or extremist.

And you don't have to be extremist.

I'm not saying to go and share your wildest opinions to the public.

Look at it more like a spectrum.

On one end, you have a complete extremist who's just polarizing for polarization's sake.

And on the other end of the spectrum, you have a complete square who is unable to share any of their opinions.

And you want to find that sweet spot where you're polarizing enough to get attention, but not so polarizing that you make a fool of yourself.

My recommendation here is to take whatever you're going to post on LinkedIn and turn the polarization dial up by about 20%.

That'll get you far enough that you're going to get attention, but it won't take you so far that you're going to have to ruin your reputation.

I don't want you to sell your soul to get LinkedIn impressions.

That's not worth it.

And again, that goes back to what we were talking about earlier in the video of you want to play the right game.

But in 2026, one of the best moes you have for your content is just actually having a spine.

Fifth up on my list is a super simple one, but I'm surprised constantly by how many people screw this up, and it's timing.

There's not a specific best time of day to post on LinkedIn.

And despite how many people will publish reports of the LinkedIn algorithm, how they spoke to someone at LinkedIn, you let them know how the algorithm works.

The reality is, it kind of depends.

But broadly speaking, you're going to give yourself the best chance of success if you post somewhere in midm morning local time.

So what I recommend in most cases to founders that we work with is 9 to 11:00 a.m.

local time is going to put you in a pretty good spot.

That's going to put you in a position where enough people are going to be active on LinkedIn at that time that your post is going to have a good chance to get momentum early on.

And that early momentum drives a lot of later post performance.

There have been some tweaks on LinkedIn lately where before those first 30 minutes mattered greatly.

Now, they still matter, but I have seen posts pick up traction later on where they started off slow.

It's a little bit hit or miss, but broadly speaking, if you get more engagement in that first 30 minutes to an hour, your post is likely going to do better.

And the way you set yourself up to do that along with the other tactics we've talked about in this video is by posting at a time where a lot of your target audience is active on LinkedIn.

So, the recommendation is 9 to 11:00 a.m.

local time on weekdays.

If you have a big launch coming up or an announcement, like you're announcing a fundraising round, I would do that on a weekday, likely Monday through Thursday.

You can post on weekends with some success.

Same thing applies.

I generally post mornings on on weekends if you're going to do that.

I wouldn't go Saturday night.

Would not go Sunday night.

And even in the evenings on weekdays tends to be a bit dark.

That's how I approach timing for LinkedIn.

And it's an easy way to troubleshoot post performance if you're posting at these random times when nobody's online.

Now, number six on my list of ways to troubleshoot low engagement on LinkedIn is to pay special attention to the hook of your content.

So, what is the hook?

The hook is those first one to three lines of your post.

anything before that little see more button.

And your entire goal is to get someone who's scrolling the timeline to stop scrolling, read those first one to three lines and have them so interested that they want to click see more to read the rest of the content.

So much great content gets buried beneath bad hooks and this ruins a lot of people's content performance.

And the way you approach hooks is actually quite simple.

How I teach my team at Compound to write strong hooks is you want to use specific levers.

There are copyrightiting tactics that you can include in those first one to three lines that are going to increase the chance of that hook getting someone's attention.

These are levers like negativity bias, using specific numbers and metrics, using a storybased hook, leaning into a trending topic, or in other words, trendjacking, credibility jacking, which is kind of related to trendjacking, but that's more evergreen listicles that create an open loop because someone needs to read the entire list to satisfy their curiosity.

And a lot of the time, okay hooks will have one lever, maybe two.

Bad hooks just have none.

people to skip over them and wonder why nobody cares about their content.

But people will include like one hook lever, like have a super simple listicle or a super simple hot take that has some negativity bias in it and they can do okay, but the best hooks on LinkedIn have a combination of two to four hook levers in those first one to three lines.

You want to make that hook extremely dense with hook levers to give yourself the best chance of getting someone hooked in.

Okay, so take this hook for example.

AI tools like Claude are making writers nervous in some cases, rightfully so.

Yet, tech companies themselves are still desperate for strong writers.

Here are a few ways to place yourself among them.

So, there are a few different levers I used.

One, trendjacking.

So, AI and Claude in particular is a trending topic in my category nowadays.

Two, there's negativity bias.

I'm kind of leaning into that worry that people have around AI replacing them without being overly dramatic.

And then three, I included a listicle.

And it's not as obvious here cuz it's not saying here's five tips to X Y or Z, but this little line here are a few ways to place yourself among them implies that there is a list.

So it gets people curious to want to click see more.

You want to take the same approach in your content.

If you're not thinking about hooks with this level of intention, that's likely the first place that I would start in troubleshooting that low engagement on your content.

Now, all six of these methods will help you get more likes and build a bigger audience.

But the LinkedIn game is changing constantly.

And if you want to understand the bigger picture and get a better idea of where the platform is actually headed in 2026, click this video right here.

And that when I break down the fundamental shifts that are happening on LinkedIn right now and exactly what it means for you.

I'll see you over there.